 The Order comes in either gold or silver depending on class , and the obverse features a white enameled cross pattée with gilt rays protruding from each of the arms . The rays are intersected diagonally by a pair of sabres when the recipient is awarded an Order " with swords " . Orders from the royal period contain a blue medallion at the centre depicting a Serbian cross with a fire @-@ steel at each corner , with the words " For Faith and Freedom , 1804 " etched into the small circle in the middle of the cross . The reverse of these Orders contains a red medallion depicting a white eagle , with the words " Peter I , 1904 " written around it . The bravery medals awarded from June 1915 forward are almost identical to the Orders awarded before that date , save for the crossed swords being present on all of them regardless of class . Such Orders also lacked the phrase etched into the obverse of the older ones and the date 1904 on the reverse , which marked the centenary of the First Serbian Uprising . Instead , they merely had King Peter 's name on the obverse beside the year when the Order was bestowed . The Orders themselves were originally manufactured by foreign makers of decorations and medals , such as France 's Arthus @-@ Bertrand and Switzerland 's <unk> <unk> ; during the interwar period ( 1919 – 39 ) they were produced domestically . 
 In 1978 , New York 's WKTU @-@ FM , a low @-@ rated rock station , switched to disco and became the most popular station in the country ; this led other stations to try to emulate its success . In Chicago , a 24 @-@ year @-@ old Dahl was working as a disc jockey for local radio station WDAI when he was fired on Christmas Eve 1978 as part of the station 's switch from rock to disco ; Dahl was subsequently hired by rival album @-@ rock station WLUP , " The Loop " . Sensing an incipient anti @-@ disco backlash and playing off the publicity surrounding his firing ( he frequently mocked WDAI 's " Disco DAI " slogan on the air as " Disco DIE " ) , Dahl created a mock organization called " The Insane Coho Lips " , an anti @-@ disco army consisting of his listeners . According to Andy Behrens of ESPN , Dahl and his broadcast partner Garry Meier " organized the Cohos around a simple and surprisingly powerful idea : Disco Sucks " . 
 One of the most influential and well @-@ known pro @-@ UN organizations , UNA @-@ USA has been on both sides of the issue . In 2003 , UNA @-@ USA 's executive director of policy studies , Jeffrey Laurenti , wrote an article , An Idea Whose Time Has Not Come , arguing that there were important unresolved issues of inclusivity , authority , and efficiency with the UNPA . UNA 's position seemed to reverse in November 2006 , when the 38th plenary session of the World Federation of United Nations Associations issued a resolution stating that it " Supports the establishment of a United Nations parliamentary Assembly as a consultative body within the United Nations system as a voice of the citizens ; Calls upon the governments of the United Nations member states , parliamentarians and civil society representatives to jointly examine possible steps and options to create a United Nations Parliamentary Assembly . " 
 Jelena was born in 1365 or 1366 as the third daughter of Princess Milica of Serbia and Lazar of Serbia . Her mother belonged to the Nemanjić dynasty , while her father was the founder of the Lazarević dynasty . He created Moravian Serbia , the largest and most powerful state to emerge from the ruins of the Serbian Empire . Hence , Jelena was a member of the highest Serbian aristocracy . She was born in <unk> and spent her childhood in Kruševac , where she lived until she married her first husband , Đurađ II Balšić , in 1386 . She had one child with him , a son named Balša III who was born in 1387 . Balša III had three children , a son whose name is not known and two daughters , Jelena and Teodora . His son died at a very young age in 1415 . In 1424 , Balša 's daughter Jelena married Stjepan Vukčić Kosača and became the mother of Queen Catherine of Bosnia and Vladislav Hercegović . 
 Homer goes to The Merry Widow Insurance Company , but is denied when he has a heart attack before signing the policy . Unable to afford surgery at the hospital , Marge and Homer see a commercial for Dr. Nick Riviera , an incompetent surgeon who will perform any operation for $ 129 @.@ 95 . Leaving no other alternative , Homer decides to go for the cheaper service . 
 General Sir Henry George Chauvel , GCMG , KCB ( 16 April 1865 – 4 March 1945 ) , more usually known as Sir Harry Chauvel , was a senior officer of the Australian Imperial Force who fought at Gallipoli and during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign in the Middle Eastern theatre of the First World War . He was the first Australian to attain the rank of lieutenant general and later general , and the first to lead a corps . As commander of the Desert Mounted Corps , he was responsible for one of the most decisive victories and fastest pursuits in military history . 
 DJ Diplo introduced elements of Brazilian baile funk to " Bucky Done Gun " . Fellow composer @-@ producer Richard X worked on the track " Hombre " , which featured a drum pattern created from the sounds made by toys that M.I.A. had bought in India , augmented with sounds produced by objects such as pens and mobile phones . Steve Mackey and Ross Orton , known professionally as Cavemen , worked on " Galang " , which M.I.A. had initially produced with her 505 and a basic four @-@ track tape recorder . Working with Cavemen in a professional studio , she added a bass line and new vocals to give the song " a more analogue sound " than was possible with the 505 . The track was co @-@ written by Frischmann , whose input M.I.A. described as " refreshing " . She initially hoped to feature guest vocalists on the album , but was unable due to budget constraints and other artists ' unfamiliarity with her work . She chose to perform all the vocals herself , saying , " I just quietly got on with it ... I didn 't wanna convince anyone it was good . I felt it was much better to prove that I could be an individual . " 
 On 23 March 2003 , a Tornado GR4 was shot down over Iraq by friendly fire from a US Patriot missile battery , killing both crew members . In July 2003 , a US board of inquiry exonerated the battery 's operators , observing the Tornado 's " lack of functioning IFF ( Identification Friend or Foe ) " as a factor in the incident . Problems with Patriot were also suggested as a factor , multiple incidents of mis @-@ identification of friendly aircraft have occurred , including the fatal shootdown of a US Navy McDonnell Douglas F / A @-@ 18 Hornet a few weeks after the loss of the Tornado . Britain withdrew the last of its Tornados from Iraq in June 2009 . 
 Captain Scarlet also formed the basis of three comic strips drawn for the weekly children 's comic , TV Century 21 . Spanning 17 issues ( numbers 141 – 157 ) from September 1967 to January 1968 , the strip adventures were written by Angus P. Allan with artwork by Ron Embleton , and were titled We Will Destroy Unity City , We Will Destroy the Observatory Network and We Shall Make Earth a Planet of Silence . Following the end of the TV series , the comic continued the story of the Captain Scarlet universe , with later strips revealing that the Mysterons deactivate their Martian complex and relinquish their control over Captain Black , while Scarlet himself leaves Spectrum to make use of his powers in the fight against Earth @-@ bound criminals and threats . The Mysterons ultimately re @-@ awaken , prompting Scarlet and Spectrum to resume their struggle . 
 Riddle Box ( 1995 ) 
 The road that is now SR 46 was built and improved during the 1920s and was fully paved by 1930 . The majority of SR 46 was originally designated as U.S. Route 466 ; however , after the latter was entirely removed from the U.S. Highway system , the eastern portion of the route became SR 46 . 
 In the aftermath of the event , Hitler had a badge struck to honor all those injured or killed in the explosion ; the " 20 July Wound Badge " . Those present at the conference later said that Schaub , who was in another building at the time of the explosion , falsely tried to claim he was injured so as to qualify for the badge . 
 Peerenboom , Randall , " Varieties of Rule of Law : An Introduction and Provisional Conclusion " , Asian Discourses of Rule of Law , pp. 1 – 55 . 
 Despite this , Scully 's tenure as showrunner of The Simpsons has been the subject of criticism from the show 's fans . John Ortved wrote " Scully 's episodes excel when compared to what The Simpsons airs nowadays , but he was the man at the helm when the ship turned towards the iceberg . " The BBC noted " the common consensus is that The Simpsons ' golden era ended after season nine " , while an op @-@ ed in Slate by Chris Suellentrop argued The Simpsons changed from a realistic show about family life into a typical cartoon during Scully 's years . The Simpsons under Scully has been negatively labelled as a " gag @-@ heavy , Homer @-@ centric incarnation " by Jon Bonné of MSNBC , while some fans have bemoaned the transformation in Homer 's character during the era , from sweet and sincere to " a boorish , self @-@ aggrandizing oaf " , dubbing him " Jerkass Homer " . Martin said that he does not understand the criticism against Scully and that he thinks the criticism " bothered [ Scully ] , and still bothers him , but he managed to not get worked up over it . " Ortved noted in his book that it is hard to tell how much of the decline is Scully 's fault , and that blaming a single showrunner for lowering the quality of the show " is unfair . " 
 The third Internet radio show , titled Kurusugawa <unk> <unk> <unk> 3 <unk> Rajio <unk> ( <unk> <unk> <unk> , Kurusugawa Industries Presents : Maid Robot Sisters Began A Radio Show ) , was hosted by Emiko Hagiwara , Kotomi Yamakawa , and Harumi Sakurai , who voiced <unk> , Harumi , and <unk> respectively . The radio show was streamed on <unk> between September 7 , 2009 and April 5 , 2010 , and lasted thirty episodes . The episodes were compiled into three CD volumes , each containing ten episodes and an extra recording . The first CD volume was first sold at the Aquaplus Festa 2009 and Comiket 77 events in December 2009 , before receiving a public release on January 29 , 2010 , while the third volume was first sold at Comiket 78 in August 2010 , and later on September 23 , 2009 as a public release . 
 A successful model , King was discovered at age 14 in 1993 and appeared in Vogue , Mademoiselle and Harper 's Bazaar , among other fashion magazines . From 1998 , she moved into acting , taking small film roles . Her first major role was in Pearl Harbor ( 2001 ) and her first starring movie role was in Bulletproof Monk ( 2003 ) . She has since appeared as a lead in other films , such as Sin City ( 2005 ) and My Bloody Valentine 3D ( 2009 ) and , from 2011 to 2015 , starred in the television series Hart of Dixie . She also voiced the role of Aurra Sing on Star Wars : The Clone Wars . 
 In 1583 , Sir Humphrey Gilbert , by the royal prerogative of Queen Elizabeth I , founded St. John 's , Newfoundland , as the first North American English colony . French explorer Samuel de Champlain arrived in 1603 and established the first permanent European settlements at Port Royal ( in 1605 ) and Quebec City ( in 1608 ) . Among the colonists of New France , Canadiens extensively settled the Saint Lawrence River valley and Acadians settled the present @-@ day Maritimes , while fur traders and Catholic missionaries explored the Great Lakes , Hudson Bay , and the Mississippi watershed to Louisiana . The Beaver Wars broke out in the mid @-@ 17th @-@ century over control of the North American fur trade . 
 Around 06 : 00 UTC , Bopha passed 100 km ( 65 mi ) south of Babeldaob island in Palau while at its initial peak . Shortly thereafter it made its closest approach the nation , tracking roughly 55 km ( 35 mi ) south of Angaur island . After clearing Palau , Bopha ultimately intensified further before making a devastating landfall on Mindanao in the Philippines . The JTWC estimated its peak intensity at 280 km / h ( 175 mph ) , a Category 5 on the SSHWS . The storm resulted in up to 1 @,@ 901 fatalities in the country and tremendous infrastructural damage . Land interaction substantially weakened the system by the time it emerged over the Sulu Sea . Turning north , Bopha briefly weakened to a tropical storm on December 6 before undergoing another period of rapid intensification . After reaching its tertiary peak on December 7 , hostile wind shear caused dramatic weakening . In a 24 ‑ hour span , the typhoon 's central pressure rose by 55 mbar ( hPa ; 1 @.@ 62 inHg ) while its winds fell from 170 km / h ( 105 mph ) to 75 km / h ( 45 mph ) . Bopha soon degraded to a tropical depression and dissipated off the northwestern coast of Luzon early on December 9 . 
 Until the Whole World Hears was produced by Mark A. Miller ; its executive producer was Terry Hemmings . It was recorded by Sam Hewitt , Michael Hewitt , and Dale Oliver at Zoo Studio in Franklin , Tennessee ; the string instrument tracks on the title track and " Always Enough " were recorded by Bobby Shin at Little Big Sound Studio in Nashville , Tennessee , while the string instrument tracks on " If We 've Ever Needed You " and " Joyful , Joyful " were recorded by John Painter and Leslie Richter at Ocean Way in Nashville . Crowd vocals on the title track and " Blessed Redeemer " were recorded by Carter <unk> , Darren Hughes and Billy Lord at Eagle 's Landing Baptist Church in McDonough , Georgia . Digital editing was handled by Michael Hewitt , while mixing was handled by Sam Hewitt . The album was mastered by Andrew Mendelson , Shelly Anderson , Natthaphol Abhigantaphand and Daniel Bacigalupi at Georgetown Masters in Nashville . 
 Hamlet is often perceived as a philosophical character , expounding ideas that are now described as relativist , existentialist , and sceptical . For example , he expresses a <unk> idea when he says to Rosencrantz : " there is nothing either good or bad , but thinking makes it so " . The idea that nothing is real except in the mind of the individual finds its roots in the Greek Sophists , who argued that since nothing can be perceived except through the senses — and since all individuals sense , and therefore perceive things differently — there is no absolute truth , but rather only relative truth . The clearest alleged instance of existentialism is in the " to be , or not to be " speech , where Hamlet is thought by some to use " being " to allude to life and action , and " not being " to death and inaction . 
 Rick Rubin had produced their two previous albums . However , the Chili Peppers decided to look for other producers for Californication . David Bowie had shown great interest in working with the band and asked to produce the album ; however , the Chili Peppers chose to remain with Rubin for Californication . Rubin had , in the past , granted the Chili Peppers creative freedom on their recording material ; this was something they thought necessary for the album to be unique , and could only occur with his return . Recording took place at Cello Studios in Los Angeles . In early 1999 , following the recording process , the band played " Scar Tissue " , " Otherside " , and " Californication " to their managers , and it was decided that " Scar Tissue " would be the lead single for the album . To support their reunited line @-@ up , the band played various proms across the country to promote Californication . It sprouted a competition , which called upon high school students to write essays on " how they could make their schools better , safer , happier , more rocking places , so that they didn 't have to go to school afraid . If you wrote the essay , you got a free ticket to the show . " 
 I had occupied that post with a detachment from General Byng 's brigade of Guards , which was in position in its rear ; and it was some time under the command of Lieutenant @-@ Colonel MacDonald , and afterwards of Colonel Home ; and I am happy to add that it was maintained , throughout the day , with the utmost gallantry by these brave troops , notwithstanding the repeated efforts of large bodies of the enemy to obtain possession of it . 
 Two years later , the complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of the well @-@ preserved and historically significant architecture of its buildings . At the same time , the same designation was given to more than thirty other churches and other buildings in far western Ohio that were related to the Missionaries of the Precious Blood , using the multiple property submission process . Centered on the community of Maria Stein , the location of the Convent of Mary , Help of Christians , this predominately Catholic region is dotted with many large Romanesque Revival or Gothic Revival churches whose tall spires rise above tiny communities and can be seen from miles around . Because of the way that these churches dominate the region , the area has become known as the " Land of the Cross @-@ Tipped Churches . " 
 At the start of 1998 , Ferraro left Crossfire and ran for the Democratic nomination again in the 1998 United States Senate election in New York . The other candidates were Congressman Charles Schumer and New York City Public Advocate Mark J. Green . She had done no fundraising , out of fear of conflict of interest with her Crossfire job , but was nonetheless immediately perceived as the front @-@ runner . Indeed , December and January polls had her 25 percentage points ahead of Green in the race and even further ahead of Schumer . Unlike the previous campaigns , her family finances never became an issue . However , she lost ground during the summer , with Schumer catching up in the polls by early August and then soon passing her . Schumer , a tireless fundraiser , outspent her by a five @-@ to @-@ one margin , and Ferraro failed to establish a political image current with the times . In the September 15 , 1998 primary , she was beaten soundly by Schumer by a 51 percent to 26 percent margin . Unlike 1992 , the contest was not divisive , and Ferraro and third @-@ place finisher Green endorsed Schumer at a unity breakfast the following day . Schumer would go on to decisively unseat D 'Amato in the general election . 
 DE 15 crosses the Duck Creek into New Castle County and the name becomes Clayton Greenspring Road as it passes through farm fields and woods with some homes . The route turns west onto Vandyke Greenspring Road and skirts the southern edge of the Blackbird State Forest , curving to the west @-@ northwest . DE 15 turns north onto Dexter Corner Road before it continues west onto Blackbird Station Road , curving to the northwest . DE 15 crosses the Maryland and Delaware Railroad 's Northern Line before turning north onto Dogtown Road and heading northwest again . The route runs through agricultural areas and turns north @-@ northeast onto Levels Road . DE 15 passes to the west of a residential neighborhood before turning northwest at a roundabout to remain on Levels Road and reach an intersection with US 301 / DE 299 . 
 Kim Milford , who had previously appeared in the original Broadway theatre production of Hair and the first production of The Rocky Horror Show , starred in the leading role of Laserblast , marking his first major motion picture appearance . Cheryl Smith , who later received greater recognition for her appearances in B movies and exploitation films , appeared in the lead female role of Kathy Farley . Smith disliked the role because she felt it was poorly written and that she did not receive enough rehearsal time . Gianni Russo , best known for playing Carlo Rizzi in The Godfather ( 1972 ) , was cast in as government investigator Tony Craig . 
 " Sex Ed " first aired on NBC on October 14 , 2010 . In its original American broadcast it was viewed by an estimated 7 @.@ 36 million viewers and received a 3 @.@ 8 rating / 10 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 . This means that 3 @.@ 8 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ old households watched the episode , and ten percent of that demographic had their televisions tuned to the channel at any point . This marked a slight increase in viewers from the previous episode . 
 " Leaving for Paris N ° 2 " – 4 : 52 
 Streptococcus pneumoniae : 0 @.@ 002 μg / ml - > 256 μg / ml 
 The prominence of a Brahmin in Indian society was directly related to his virtues , values , knowledge and practice of the scriptures . Manu 's list of virtues of a perfect Brahmin , according to Italian Jesuit Roberto de Nobili , in order of importance were righteousness , truthfulness , generosity , <unk> , compassion , self @-@ restraint and diligent work . Prior to the rise of the Konkanastha Peshwas , the Konkanastha Brahmins were considered inferior in a society where the Deshasthas held socio @-@ economic , ritual and Brahminical superiority . As mentioned earlier , all the Peshwa during Shivaji 's rule were Deshastha Brahmins and many modern families who have surname , <unk> , are in fact Deshastha Brahmins tracing descent to Shivaji 's Peshwa , Moropant Pingle or <unk> <unk> . . After the appointment of Balaji Vishwanath Bhat as Peshwa , Konkanastha migrants began arriving en masse from the Konkan to Pune , where the Peshwa offered all important offices to the Konkanastha caste . The Konkanastha kin were rewarded with tax relief and grants of land . Historians point out nepotism and corruption during this time . The Sahyadri <unk> which contains the legend of the origin of the Konkanastha has been carefully suppressed or destroyed by the Konkanastha Peshwas . Crawford , an early Indologist described how a Brahmin reluctantly produced the manuscript when he asked for it and that Baji Rao , in 1814 , ruined and disgraced a respectable Deshastha Brahmin of Wai , found in possession of a copy of the Sahyadri <unk> . The Konkanasthas were waging a social war on <unk> during the period of the Peshwas . By the late 18th century , Konkanasthas had established complete political and economic dominance in the region . Richard Maxwell Eaton states that this rise of the Konkanastha is a classic example of social rank rising with political fortune . Since then , despite being the traditional religious and social elites of Maharashtra , the Deshastha Brahmins failed to feature as prominently as the Konkanastha . However , in recent decades , there have been <unk> who have made a mark . One such person was the late Bharatiya Janata Party politician Pramod Mahajan , who was called a brilliant strategist and had an impact nationwide . Other notables include Manohar Joshi , who has been the only Brahmin chief minister of Maharashtra , Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh founder Dr. <unk> , social activist , Baba Amte , BJP politician and Social activist , Nanaji Deshmukh and present chief minister of Maharashtra , Devendra <unk> . The Deshasthas looked down upon the Konkanasthas as newcomers in the 18th and 19th centuries . They refused to socialise and intermingle with them , not considering them to be Brahmins . A <unk> who was invited to a Deshastha household was considered to be a privileged individual , and even the Peshwas were refused permission to perform religious rites at the Deshastha ghats on the Godavari at Nasik . The Konkanasthas on their part , claimed they possessed greater intellectual ability and better political acumen . During the British colonial period of 19th and early 20th century , Deshasthas dominated professions such as government administration , practice of medicine , music , legal and engineering fields , whereas Konkanasthas dominated fields like politics , social reform , journalism and education . This situation has since improved by the larger scale mixing of both communities on social , financial and educational fields , as well as with intermarriages . 
 On 13 May 1986 , Chinook HC Mk1 <unk> crashed in bad weather in the Falkland Islands . The helicopter , with four crew and 12 troops , crashed into a hill 4 miles from its destination . With rescuers hampered by blizzards , the personnel were recovered but one crew member had died shortly after the crash , and the co @-@ pilot and a soldier died on the way to hospital . The board of enquiry concluded that the crew had become disorientated due to " white @-@ out " conditions . 
 SO2 + O → SO3 
 James Smith ( c . 1645 – 1731 ) worked as a mason on Bruce 's rebuilding of Holyrood Palace . In 1683 he was appointed Surveyor and Overseer of the Royal Works , responsible for the palace 's maintenance . With his father @-@ in @-@ law , the master mason Robert Mylne ( 1633 – 1710 ) , Smith worked on Caroline Park in Edinburgh ( 1685 ) , and Drumlanrig Castle ( 1680s ) . Smith 's country houses followed the pattern established by William Bruce , with hipped roofs and pedimented fronts , in a plain but handsome Palladian style . Hamilton Palace ( 1695 ) was fronted by giant Corinthian columns , and a pedimented entrance , but was otherwise restrained . Dalkeith Palace ( 1702 – 10 ) was modelled after William of Orange 's palace at Het Loo in the Netherlands . 
 The The recorded the song for their 1995 tribute album Hanky Panky . 
 The station has been on the New Jersey State Historic Preservation Office listings since March 25 , 1998 , the last of the four stations from East Orange to Glen Ridge to receive the listing . On September 14 , 2005 , the entire Montclair Branch was added to the same listings , although Ampere , Bloomfield and Glen Ridge stations have been on the listings since March 17 , 1984 . 
 As of 2011 many Democrats believed that the ACA would grow more popular over time , like Medicare did after its implementation , as the benefits of the law take effect and close the information gap about the contents of the bill . 
 After several months of poor health , Suramarit , Sihanouk 's father , died on 3 April 1960 which Sihanouk blamed upon the shock that his father had received from the parcel bomb attack . The following day , the royal throne council met to choose Monireth as regent . Over the next two months , Sihanouk introduced constitutional amendments to create the new post of Head of State of Cambodia , which provided ceremonial powers equivalent to that of the king . A referendum held on 5 June 1960 approved Sihanouk 's proposals , and Sihanouk was formally appointed Head of State on 14 June 1960 . As the head of state , Sihanouk took over various ceremonial responsibilities of the king , such as holding public audiences and leading the Royal Ploughing Ceremony . At the same time , he continued to play an active role in politics as Sangkum 's leader . 
 boroughs in which freemen were electors ; 
 In the course of his life , Rabi received many honors in addition to the Nobel Prize . These included the Elliott Cresson Medal from the Franklin Institute in 1942 , the Medal for Merit and the King 's Medal for Service in the Cause of Freedom from Great Britain in 1948 , the officer in the French Legion of Honor in 1956 , Columbia University 's Barnard Medal for Meritorious Service to Science in 1960 , the Niels Bohr International Gold Medal and the Atoms for Peace Award in 1967 , the Oersted Medal from the American Association of Physics Teachers in 1982 , the Four Freedoms Award from the Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt Institute and the Public Welfare Medal from the National Academy of Sciences 1985 , and the Vannevar Bush Award from the National Science Foundation in 1986 , He was a Fellow of the American Physical Society , serving as its President in 1950 , and a member of the National Academy of Sciences , the American Philosophical Society , and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences . He was internationally recognized with membership in the Japan Academy and the Brazilian Academy of Sciences , and in 1959 was appointed a member of the Board of Governors of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel . 
 Some critics , including Murray Rothbard , have sought to show that Keynes had sympathy with Nazism , and a number of writers described him as antisemitic . Keynes 's private letters contain portraits and descriptions , some of which can be characterized as antisemitic , others as <unk> . Scholars have suggested that these reflect clichés current at the time that he accepted uncritically , rather than any racism . On several occasions Keynes used his influence to help his Jewish friends , most notably when he successfully lobbied for Ludwig Wittgenstein to be allowed residency in the United Kingdom , explicitly in order to rescue him from being deported to Nazi @-@ occupied Austria . Keynes was a supporter of Zionism , serving on committees supporting the cause . 
 West of the village , US 20 , NY 5 , and NY 414 become a major commercial strip as it heads through an area situated between the hamlet of Seneca Falls and the village of Waterloo . Roughly midway between the two communities , NY 414 splits from US 20 and NY 5 , becoming a commercial strip itself as it heads north through the northern portion of the town of Seneca Falls as Mound Road . Near the northern end of the strip , the route crosses the main line of the Finger Lakes Railway at a grade crossing . Past the crossing , the businesses give way to mostly undeveloped areas that persist into the neighboring town of Tyre , where it intersects NY 318 in the small hamlet of Magee as Ridge Road . Just north of this intersection , NY 414 intersects the New York State Thruway ( I @-@ 90 ) at exit 41 . North of the Thruway , NY 414 maintains a constant north @-@ northwest alignment across rolling farmland into Wayne County . 
 Owing to his keen interest in the type he followed , with interest , the exploits of Kommando Nowotny , the all jet fighter unit . Although it had low serviceability rates , its aircraft achieved considerable success . To see how new aircraft performed in action , Galland often visited the front line airfields close to the scene of the fighting . On 8 November 1944 , he was present when ace Walter Nowotny took off with a force of Me 262s in an overcast to engage a USAAF raid . Galland listened to it over the radio waves . Nowotny claimed a bomber but his Me 262 was damaged . He was then jumped by USAAF fighters and crashed close to the airfield . Galland heard the firing but did not see the event . It did not dissuade him from believing in the capabilities of the aircraft as a fighter . 
 M @-@ 13 is a 73 @.@ 339 @-@ mile ( 118 @.@ 028 km ) north – south state trunkline highway that runs through the Saginaw Bay region of the US state of Michigan . It runs from Interstate 69 ( I @-@ 69 ) south of Lennon to US Highway 23 ( US 23 ) near Standish . The southern section of the trunkline runs along a pair of county lines in a rural area dominated by farm fields . The highway directly connects the downtown areas of both Saginaw and Bay City . North of the latter city , the Lake Huron Circle Tour follows M @-@ 13 along the Saginaw Bay . 
 To allow an evacuation of the main body of British forces , Wilson ordered the rearguard to make a last stand at the historic Thermopylae pass , the gateway to Athens . General Freyberg 's 2nd New Zealand Division was given the task of defending the coastal pass , while Mackay 's 6th Australian Division was to hold the village of <unk> . After the battle Mackay was quoted as saying " I did not dream of evacuation ; I thought that we 'd hang on for about a fortnight and be beaten by weight of numbers . " When the order to retreat was received on the morning of 23 April , it was decided that the two positions were to be held by one brigade each . These brigades , the 19th Australian and 6th New Zealand were to hold the passes as long as possible , allowing the other units to withdraw . The Germans attacked at 11 : 30 on 24 April , met fierce resistance , lost 15 tanks and sustained considerable casualties . The Allies held out the entire day ; with the delaying action accomplished , they retreated in the direction of the evacuation beaches and set up another rearguard at Thebes . The Panzer units launching a pursuit along the road leading across the pass made slow progress because of the steep gradient and difficult hairpin bends . 
 Banks was an ordained minister ; he presided at the wedding of MLB pitcher Sean Marshall . On March 31 , 2008 , a statue of Banks ( " Mr. Cub " ) was unveiled in front of Wrigley Field . That year , Eddie Vedder released a song called " All The Way " , which Banks had asked Vedder to write about the Cubs as a birthday gift . 
 " Sometimes when I 'm writing a song , it does come from such a raw place that I 'm actually crying while writing it , " Mariah admitted . Her second single , a tribute to her late father , is also meant to reach anyone else who has suffered a loss of a loved one . " Sometimes I hear it and feel that this is going to touch a lot of people , and that 's why it 's important that no matter what 's ever happened to me over my career , that I stay the course and continue to write and try and reach people who need . " Anyone who manages to do the reverse , and touch Mariah with one of their songs , " I 'm indebted to them forever . " 
 Enola Gay was personally selected by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets , Jr . , the commander of the 509th Composite Group , on 9 May 1945 , while still on the assembly line . The aircraft was accepted by the United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) on 18 May 1945 and assigned to the 393d Bombardment Squadron , Heavy , 509th Composite Group . Crew B @-@ 9 , commanded by Captain Robert A. Lewis , took delivery of the bomber and flew it from Omaha to the 509th 's base at Wendover Army Air Field , Utah , on 14 June 1945 . 
 1st Battalion , 94th Field Artillery Regiment ( <unk> ) 
 The more telling balance of forces , though , is in the vertical direction . The vertical component of <formula> must exactly cancel the force , <formula> . 
 Besides the Belmont , Springbok won the 1874 and 1875 Saratoga Cup and the 1874 Citizens Stakes . During the 1870s , the Saratoga Cup was a 2 1 ⁄ 4 miles ( 3 @,@ 600 m ) race . In 1874 , Springbok won the race while carrying 108 pounds ( 49 kg ) , beating Preakness who came in second , and Katie Pease , who placed third . The winning time was 4 minutes 113 ⁄ 4 seconds , with a value to the winner of $ 2 @,@ 450 ( approximately $ 51 @,@ 000 today ) . His 1875 Saratoga Cup win was a dead heat with the horse Preakness . In that race , Springbok carried 114 pounds ( 52 kg ) , and the winning time was 3 minutes 561 ⁄ 4 seconds . Third place was secured by Grinstead . The win paid $ 2 @,@ 250 ( approximately $ 48 @,@ 000 today ) to Springbok 's owner . 
 Many working class German Jews moved from the Lower East Side to Williamsburg after the Williamsburg Bridge was completed in 1903 , providing access to Manhattan . In January 1904 , Beth Jacob merged with Chevra Ansche Sholom , a synagogue that had been founded the year before . The combined congregation took the name Beth Jacob Anshe Sholom . Chevra Ansche Sholom worshiped in a Masonic Temple , and had a number of assets , including two houses at 184 – 186 South Third Street valued at $ 6 @,@ 500 ( today $ 171 @,@ 000 ) , with a mortgage of $ 4 @,@ 500 ( today $ 119 @,@ 000 ) . At the time , Beth Jacob 's own building was valued at $ 6 @,@ 000 ( today $ 158 @,@ 000 ) , with a mortgage of $ 2 @,@ 000 ( today $ 53 @,@ 000 ) . 
 Following several more troubled months , Jackson ended up in the hospital ; he had collapsed while rehearsing for a concert in New York . Presley arrived to meet her ill husband , and yet another heated debate ensued . The argument ended after Jackson warned her that she was making his heart rate go up and asked her to leave . She obliged , and was admonished by a doctor and Jackson 's mother Katherine along the way . Presley subsequently returned to Los Angeles . Upon being discharged from hospital , Jackson went to Disneyland Paris to recover . 
 As Andrew Hodges , biographer of Turing , later wrote , " This letter had an electric effect . " Churchill wrote a memo to General Ismay , which read : " ACTION THIS DAY . Make sure they have all they want on extreme priority and report to me that this has been done . " On 18 November , the chief of the secret service reported that every possible measure was being taken . The cryptographers at Bletchley Park did not know of the Prime Minister 's response , but as Milner @-@ Barry later recalled , " All that we did notice was that almost from that day the rough ways began miraculously to be made smooth . " More than two hundred bombes were in operation by the end of the war . 
 A small , reddish @-@ brown carnivore , Salanoia durrelli is characterized by broad feet with prominent pads , reddish @-@ buff underparts , and broad , robust teeth , among other differences from the brown @-@ tailed mongoose . In the only two weighed specimens , body mass was 600 g and 675 g ( 21 and 24 oz ) . It is a marsh @-@ dwelling animal that may feed on crustaceans and mollusks . The Lac Alaotra area is a threatened ecosystem , and S. durrelli may also be endangered by competition with introduced species . 
 Television critics scribed mostly positive reviews for " Stowaway " . Writing for Entertainment Weekly , Ken Tucker thought Anna Torv 's Nimoy impression was " aces , very wry and amusing , " and also praised Joshua Jackson 's acting in response to it . Like Tucker , Noel Murray from The A.V. Club also praised Torv and Jackson 's performances , and graded the episode with a B + , explaining it " was an effective episode despite all its metaphysical mumbo @-@ jumbo [ because ] Dana 's predicament was a legitimately tense one ... As she stepped on the train , I didn 't know if she was planning to save the passengers or send their souls a @-@ scattering ... the suspense itself was palpable " . Murray however admitted that " if the " villain " weren 't so sympathetic , or if the action weren 't so breathless , or if I didn 't find the Bellivia material so funny , I 'd probably be annoyed by the wacky way the Fringe writers have found to bring William Bell back . " Andrew Hanson of the Los Angeles Times noted of Torv that her " cadence of her words was dead on , and his / her interactions with everyone else in Fringe Division were pitch perfect . " He praised other facets of the episode , including how " the weekly mysteries unfold like origami " , and that introducing the prime 's version of the Lincoln character allowed the audience " to see all the weirdness of Fringe through fresh eyes " . 
 Two 274 @-@ millimetre Modèle 1870 guns were mounted in barbettes on the upper deck , one gun at the forward corner of the battery , with the remaining six 274 @-@ millimetre Modèle 1870 guns on the battery deck below the barbettes . Eight 138 @-@ millimetre Modèle 1870 guns were on the upper deck , fore and aft of the barbettes , and on the battery deck . 
 According to some sources , Serbian king Peter I wanted Tatiana as a bride for his younger son , Prince Alexander . In January 1914 , the Serbian prime minister Nikola Pašić delivered a letter to Tsar Nicholas in which King Peter expressed a desire for his son to marry one of the Grand Duchesses . Nicholas replied that he would allow his daughters to decide whom to marry , but he noticed that the Serbian prince Alexander often gazed upon Tatiana during a family dinner . Marriage negotiations ended due to the outbreak of World War I. Tatiana exchanged letters with Alexander during World War I and Alexander was distraught when he learned of her death . 
 On 13 August 1582 Coke married Bridget , the daughter of John Paston , a Counsellor from Norwich . Paston came from a long line of lawyers and judges – his great grandfather , William Paston , was a Justice of the Court of Common Pleas . Having grown up nearby Coke knew the family , and asked for Bridget 's hand immediately after she turned eighteen . At the time he was a thirty @-@ one @-@ year @-@ old barrister with a strong practice , and her father had no qualms about accepting his offer . Six months after they married John Paston died , leaving his daughter and son @-@ in @-@ law his entire estate and several of his clients . Bridget maintained a diary , which reveals that she mainly ran the household . Despite this she was an independent woman , travelling without her husband and acting as a helpmate to Coke . Bridget was noted by <unk> as an " incomparable " woman who had " inestimable value clearly manifested by the eulogies which are lavished on her character " . The couple settled at the manor of Huntingfield , described by Catherine Drinker Bowen as " enchanting , with a legend for every turret ... A splendid gallery ran the length of the house , the Great Hall was built around six massive oaks which supported the roof as they grew " . 
 Krycek meets with the Smoking Man , and suggests that they kill Mulder . However , the Smoking Man orders that Mulder be left alive , unless they want to risk " turning one man 's religion into a crusade " . A desperate Mulder tries to visit Senator Matheson , a patron of his work , only to be discouraged from doing so by his secretive informant , X ( Steven Williams ) . In his car , Mulder finds spent cigarettes from the Smoking Man 's meeting with Krycek . Realizing Krycek 's role in Scully 's abduction , Mulder submits a report to Skinner accusing Krycek of impeding his investigation and killing Barry . Skinner summons Krycek to his office , only to learn that he has disappeared . Skinner then announces to Mulder that he is officially re @-@ opening the X @-@ Files . 
 1990 : Put Yourself in My Shoes 
 Streisand employed Jackson 's mixing talents on her 1995 TV special called Barbra : The Concert . Along with Ed Greene and Bob La <unk> who worked on post @-@ production mixing , he received an Emmy Award for sound design and the mixing of the live show . Jackson designed the sound for Streisand 's 1999 – 2000 Timeless : Live in Concert Tour , and he mixed the New Year 's Eve concert 31 December 1999 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Paradise , Nevada . He mixed Streisand 's appearances in Sydney and Melbourne in March 2000 , connecting the large backing choir 's sound mix by optical fibre from a nearby polo field where the choir was stationed . The fibre connection was Jackson 's real @-@ world test of a similar setup planned to be used for the Summer Olympics six months later . 
 Barrow was an able boxer . He once fought John L. Sullivan in an exhibition for four rounds . 
 Although he had a modest professional career , he was involved in many of the University of Michigan 's most memorable football moments . He is notable for his game @-@ winning catch in the 1995 Pigskin Classic against the University of Virginia . Hayes also once held the Michigan record for consecutive games with a reception ( 30 ) . Hayes was a member of the 1992 Big Ten Champions who won the 1993 Rose Bowl . He had attended Booker T. Washington High School in Houston , Texas . 
 UEFA Goal of the Year : 2007 , 2015 
 The so @-@ called Fourth Military Gate stands between towers 59 and 60 , and is currently walled up . Recently , it has been suggested that this gate is actually the Gate of St. Romanus , but the evidence is uncertain . 
 M @-@ 66 is a north – south state trunkline highway on the Lower Peninsula ( LP ) of the US state of Michigan . It runs from the Indiana state line in the south to Charlevoix in the north . M @-@ 66 is the only state highway to traverse almost the entire north – south distance of the LP . It starts as a continuation of State Road 9 ( SR 9 ) which provides access to the Indiana Toll Road . The total length is 272 @.@ 898 miles ( 439 @.@ 187 km ) , which includes 3 @.@ 374 miles ( 5 @.@ 430 km ) of freeway between Interstate 94 ( I @-@ 94 ) and downtown Battle Creek designated as I @-@ 194 . One section of the highway is an expressway , a type of divided limited access highway , while the section along I @-@ 194 is a full freeway , otherwise M @-@ 66 is a two @-@ lane rural highway . Two sections are listed on the National Highway System . 
 A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic Ocean off the west coast of Africa during the last week of July . As it tracked across the Atlantic , it remained a well @-@ defined system , but never organized into a tropical cyclone . On August 8 , the system entered the Gulf of Mexico , and by the following day , it developed a weak low @-@ level circulation . The circulation became better defined later that day , and was confirmed by Reconnaissance aircraft that afternoon , when it was declared Tropical Depression Eight while east of Tamaulipas . 
 Ohioan resumed cargo service with American @-@ Hawaiian after her return from World War I service . Although the company had abandoned its original Hawaiian sugar routes by that time , Ohioan continued inter @-@ coastal service through the Panama Canal relatively uneventfully for the next 17 years . On 23 November 1933 , Ohioan collided with Liberty in the Ambrose Channel . She was consequently beached near the West Bank Light . Ohioan was refloated on 26 November . 
 According to the Eurostat methodology , and contrasting sharply to the Balkan region , 66 @.@ 2 % of the city 's households owned a computer in 2012 . According to the same survey , 60 @.@ 5 % of households have an internet connection ; 90 @.@ 4 % at least one mobile phone , and 71 @.@ 7 % cable <unk> these figures are above those of the regional capitals such as Sofia , Bucharest and Athens . 
 The existence of a bank run on Landsbanki accounts in the UK in the period up to 7 October seems confirmed by a statement from the bank on 10 October , which said " Landsbanki <unk> <unk> transferred substantial funds to its UK branch during this time to fulfil its Icesave commitments . " The transfer of funds from Landsbanki Guernsey to Heritable Bank , a Landsbanki subsidiary in the UK , also suggests a bank run in the UK . A transfer of " substantial funds " from Iceland to the UK would have been a significant downward push on the value of the króna , even before the effects of any speculation . 
 Hays opposed direct censorship , considering it " Un @-@ American " . He had stated that although there were some tasteless films in his estimation , working with filmmakers was better than direct oversight , and that , overall , films were not harmful to children . Hays blamed some of the more prurient films on the difficult economic times which exerted " tremendous commercial pressure " on the studios more than a flouting of the code . Catholic groups became enraged with Hays and as early as July 1934 were demanding that he resign from his position , which he did not , although his influence waned and Breen took control , with Hays becoming a functionary . 
 The concept of Alien vs. Predator originated from the Aliens versus Predator comic book in 1989 , and was hinted at when an Alien skull appeared in a trophy case aboard the Predator ship in Predator 2 . Screenwriter Peter Briggs created the original spec screenplay in 1990 – 1991 , which was based on the first comic series . In 1991 , he successfully pitched the concept to 20th Century Fox , who owned the film franchises , although the company did not move forward with the project until 2002 . The project was delayed chiefly because 20th Century Fox was working on Alien : Resurrection . A draft penned by James <unk> and Kevin Fox was rejected by producer John Davis , who hoped to give the film an original approach by setting it on Earth . 
 Goals @-@ against ; GAA 
 On September 3 , 1821 , the wooden tower was destroyed in the Norfolk and Long Island hurricane and was replaced with a 40 foot ( 12 @.@ 1 meter ) octagonal stone tower at a cost of $ 2300 @.@ 53 . Completed in 1823 , the new tower was made of coursed sandstone ashlar and rubble mortar and was claimed by its builder to " withstand the storm of ages . " This boisterous claim was countered by Edmund Blunt , an American Coast Pilot , who stated , " a more contemptible Lighthouse does not disgrace Long Island Sound , most shamefully erected and badly kept . " In 1835 , $ 2052 @.@ 63 was used to preserve the buildings on Fayerweather Island , including the lighthouse . Three years later , in 1838 , on the report of a Captain Gregory , another $ 1529 @.@ 60 was used to build a seawall to protect the buildings . Another $ 15 @,@ 000 would be used from 1847 through 1849 to complete the seawall . The original keeper 's quarters , then referred to as a " dilapidated old edifice " , was replaced in 1879 . 
 The single primordial beryllium isotope 9Be also undergoes a ( n , 2n ) neutron reaction with neutron energies over about 1 @.@ 9 MeV , to produce 8Be , which almost immediately breaks into two alpha particles . Thus , for high @-@ energy neutrons , beryllium is a neutron multiplier , releasing more neutrons than it absorbs . This nuclear reaction is : 
 Soviet Cup : 1966 
 Aircraft were transported between the hangars and the flight deck by three elevators , the forward one abreast the island on the centerline and the other two offset to starboard . The forward platform measured 16 @.@ 0 by 13 @.@ 0 meters ( 52 @.@ 5 ft × 42 @.@ 75 ft ) , the middle one 13 @.@ 0 by 12 @.@ 0 meters ( 42 @.@ 75 ft × 39 @.@ 3 ft ) , and the rear 11 @.@ 8 by 13 @.@ 0 meters ( 38 @.@ 7 ft × 42 @.@ 8 ft ) . They were capable of transferring aircraft weighing up to 5 @,@ 000 kilograms ( 11 @,@ 000 lb ) . Hiryū had a designed aircraft capacity of 64 , plus nine spares . 
 Knight and his wife , many years later , are taking their granddaughter Rhoda to the American Museum of Natural History . Knight , well @-@ known to the staff , is visiting the closed @-@ off areas to have a look at the new mammoth specimens : the girl , however , is eager to see more of her grandfather 's paintings . During this , the staff are finally getting round to sorting out Marsh 's long @-@ neglected collection of fossils . Two of the workers discover Knight 's Leaping Laelaps has been accidentally left in the storeroom yesterday . The painting is taken back downstairs while the workmen unknowingly leave Cope 's skeleton and Marsh 's parts behind : " The rest of this stuff is <unk> ' put for who knows how long , but we don 't want that to get buried . " 
 Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , the tide gradually turned against the Nazis , who suffered major military defeats in 1943 . Large @-@ scale aerial bombing of Germany escalated in 1944 , and the Axis powers were pushed back in Eastern and Southern Europe . Following the Allied invasion of France , Germany was conquered by the Soviet Union from the east and the other Allied powers from the west and capitulated within a year . Hitler 's refusal to admit defeat led to massive destruction of German infrastructure and additional war @-@ related deaths in the closing months of the war . The victorious Allies initiated a policy of denazification and put many of the surviving Nazi leadership on trial for war crimes at the Nuremberg trials . 
 New Testament 
 On the inner surface of the nasal section of skull are ridges called <unk> , which may have supported cartilage that increased the area of the olfactory epithelium , the layer of tissue that detects odors . These ridges are much smaller than those of later synapsids from the Late Permian and Triassic , whose large <unk> are taken as evidence for warm @-@ bloodedness because they may have supported mucous membranes that warmed and moistened incoming air . Thus , the nasal cavity of Dimetrodon is transitional between those of early land vertebrates and mammals . 
 Ranked # 13 in SLAM Magazine 's 2009 revision of the top 50 greatest players of all time ( published in the August 2009 issue ) 
 Zhang did not initiate the Chinese tradition of hydraulic engineering , which began during the mid Zhou Dynasty ( c . 6th century BC ) , through the work of engineers such as <unk> Ao and <unk> Bao . Zhang 's contemporary , Du Shi , ( d . AD 38 ) was the first to apply the motive power of waterwheels to operate the bellows of a blast furnace to make pig iron , and the cupola furnace to make cast iron . Zhang provided a valuable description of his water @-@ powered armillary sphere in the treatise of 125 , stating : 
 At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914 , Kaiser Friedrich III and her sisters were brought back to active service and mobilized as the V Battle Squadron . They were assigned to coastal defense in the Baltic , though they served in this capacity for a very short time . In February 1915 , they were again withdrawn from service and placed in reserve . Kaiser Friedrich III was used as a floating prison stationed in Kiel after 1916 . The following year , the ship was moved to Flensburg , where she was used as a barracks ; later that year she was again moved to Swinemünde . Kaiser Friedrich III was stricken from the navy list on 6 December 1919 and subsequently sold to a ship @-@ breaking firm based in Berlin . The ship was ultimately broken up at Kiel @-@ Nordmole in 1920 . Her bow ornament is on display at the Military History Museum of the Bundeswehr in Dresden . 
 On May 11 , a grand jury was assembled in McLennan County and quickly returned an indictment against Washington ; the trial was scheduled for May 15 . The Times @-@ Herald of Waco published a notice on May 12 requesting that residents let the justice system determine Washington 's fate . Fleming traveled to Robinson on May 13 to ask residents to remain calm ; his address was well received . Washington was assigned several inexperienced lawyers . His lawyers prepared no defense , and noted that he appeared placid in the days before the trial . 
 Spiegelman advocates for greater comics literacy . As an editor , a teacher at the School of Visual Arts in New York City , and a lecturer , Spiegelman has promoted better understanding of comics and has mentored younger cartoonists . 
 By 1980 , the authorities had no choice but to make another attempt to raise consumer prices to realistic levels , but they knew that doing so would likely spark another worker rebellion . Western bankers providing loans to the Polish government at a meeting at the Bank <unk> in Warsaw on 1 July 1980 made it clear that low prices of consumer goods could no longer be subsidized by the state . The government gave in and on 1 July announced a system of gradual but continuous price rises , particularly for meat . A wave of strikes and factory occupations began at once , with the biggest ones taking place in Lublin in July 1980 . 
 On 18 December at the end of the 6th National Congress , the delegates elected the 6th Central Committee , which contained eight more members than the 5th Central Committee , while alternate membership was increased by 13 ; the total membership of the new Central Committee was 173 . Immediately after the 8th National Congress on 18 December , the 6th Central Committee convened its 1st plenum to elect the composition of the 6th Politburo , the 6th Secretariat , the Control Commission and other central @-@ level party organs . 
 Prior to the deployment , South African authorities threatened to veto the involvement of Australian peacekeeping troops because of doubts about their impartiality . This followed the establishment by the Australian Government of a Special Assistance Program for South Africans and Namibians ( SAPSAN ) in 1986 to assist South Africans and Namibians disadvantaged by apartheid . The focus of SAPSAN was on education and training for the people of South Africa and Namibia , and some humanitarian assistance had also been provided . A total of $ 11 @.@ 9 million was spent under SAPSAN from 1986 to 1990 . 
 door @-@ PROS enter @-@ 3p 
 John Davis – engineering ( 2014 remastered CD ) 
 The series was originally conceived as a single concert to be held on May 10 , 2004 , performed by the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra and conducted by Miguel Harth @-@ Bedoya . The concert was hosted by James Arnold Taylor , the English voice actor for Final Fantasy X 's Tidus , and featured large screens hanging above the orchestra playing scenes relevant to the music being performed . Like the concerts before it , Dear Friends featured several groups and instruments in addition to the orchestra , including a guitar for " Dear Friends " , <unk> for " Vamo ' Alla Flamenco " , and piano for " At Zanarkand " and " Cloud Smiles " , which at the time was not named and was only known to be featured in the upcoming Final Fantasy VII Advent Children . The encore piece , " One @-@ Winged Angel " , saw the orchestra joined by a full choir , the Los Angeles Master Chorale . 
 Within the abbey are 617 wall memorials and 847 floor stones . They include those dedicated to Beau Nash , Admiral Arthur Phillip ( first Governor of the colony of New South Wales , which became part of Australia after federation in 1901 ) , James Montague ( Bishop of Bath and Wells ) , Lady Waller ( wife of William Waller , a Roundhead military leader in the English Civil War ) , Elizabeth Grieve ( wife of James Grieve , physician to Elizabeth , Empress of Russia ) , Sir William Baker , John Sibthorp , Richard Hussey Bickerton , William Hoare , Richard Bickerton and US Senator William Bingham . Many of the monuments in the churchyard were carved between 1770 and 1860 by Reeves of Bath . War memorials include those commemorating the First Anglo @-@ Afghan War ( 1841 – 42 ) , the First World War ( 1914 – 18 ) , and the Second World War ( 1939 – 45 ) . The most recent memorial was installed in 1958 to commemorate Isaac Pitman , the developer of Pitman shorthand , who died in 1897 . 
 In an early domain name dispute , two months before announcing the iMac in July 1998 , Apple sued then @-@ teenager Abdul Traya . Having registered the domain name <unk> in an attempt to draw attention to the web @-@ hosting business he ran out of his parents ' basement , a note on Traya 's site stated that his plan was to " generate traffic to our servers and try to put the domain to sale . [ sic ] " After a legal dispute lasting for nearly a year , Apple settled out of court , paying Traya 's legal fees and giving him a ' token payment ' in exchange for the domain name . 
 The airline was wholly owned by the Government of Kenya until April 1995 ( 1995 @-@ 04 ) , and it was privatised in 1996 , becoming the first African flag carrier to successfully do so . Kenya Airways is currently a public @-@ private partnership . The largest shareholder is the Government of Kenya ( 29 @.@ 8 . % ) , followed by KLM , which has a 26 @.@ 73 % stake in the company . The rest of the shares are held by private owners ; shares are traded on the Nairobi Stock Exchange , the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange , and the Uganda Securities Exchange . 
 Fast has spent much of 2014 – 15 with the Rangers , and recorded his first NHL career goal on November 29 , 2014 , against Ray Emery of the Philadelphia Flyers . Internationally , Fast has represented Sweden in several tournaments , including the 2011 IIHF World U20 Championship . 
 Chamberlain spent much of 9 May in meetings with his Cabinet colleagues . Many Conservative MPs , even those who had voted against the government , indicated on 9 May and in the days following that they did not wish Chamberlain to depart but rather would seek to reconstruct his government . However , Chamberlain decided that he would resign unless the Labour Party was willing to join his government , and so he met with Attlee later that day . Attlee was unwilling but did agree to consult his National Executive then meeting in Bournemouth . Chamberlain favoured Halifax as the next Prime Minister , but Halifax proved reluctant to press his own claims , and Churchill emerged as the choice . The following day Germany invaded the Low Countries and Chamberlain considered remaining in office . However , Attlee confirmed that Labour would not serve under Chamberlain though it was willing to serve under someone else . Chamberlain went to Buckingham Palace to resign and advise the King to send for Churchill . Churchill later expressed gratitude to Chamberlain for not advising the King to send for Halifax who would have commanded the support of most government MPs . In a resignation broadcast that evening , Chamberlain told the nation , 
 The game was created and designed by brothers Dave and Bob Thomas , with Ultimate founders Tim and Chris Stamper otherwise being uninvolved in development . Entombed took considerably longer to develop due to the re @-@ programming of its game engine . It received positive reviews from critics upon release , with praise being directed at its playability and graphics . It was followed by a sequel , Blackwyche , which was released later in the year . 
 Mycenaean civilization originated and evolved from the society and culture of the Early and Middle Helladic period in mainland Greece under influences from Minoan Crete . Towards the end of the Middle Bronze Age ( c . 1600 BC ) a significant increase in the population and the number of settlements occurred . A number of centers of power emerged in southern mainland Greece dominated by a warrior elite society , while the typical dwellings of that era were an early type of megaron buildings . Some more complex structures are classified as forerunners of the later palaces . In a number of sites , defensive walls were also erected . 
 For those who require hospitalization and caught their pneumonia in the community the use of a β @-@ lactam such as <unk> plus macrolide such as azithromycin or a fluoroquinolones is recommended . The addition of corticosteroids also appears to improve outcomes . 
 " Why " ( vocals by Ayaka , for Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII , 2007 ) - 60 @,@ 000 
 Dorsal scales in 15 rows ; ventral scales 200 @-@ 231 in males , 198 @-@ 227 in females ; tail short and tapering ; subcaudal scales single ( undivided ) , 43 @-@ 54 in males , 37 @-@ 55 in females . 
 On 11 March 1944 , No. 84 Squadron was hurriedly redeployed to North @-@ Western Area to replace the Supermarine Spitfires of No. 1 Wing , which had been despatched to Perth in response to a feared Japanese naval attack . No attack took place , and No. 84 Squadron returned to Horn Island less than two weeks later . On 17 May , the squadron departed Horn Island for Townsville , and was subsequently reduced to cadre . No. 7 Squadron continued operations in the Dutch East Indies from Higgins , generally in conjunction with other forces such as B @-@ 25 Mitchells from North @-@ Western Area , before its tasking was reduced in August pending transfer to No. 71 Wing in New Guinea . No. 23 Squadron was equipped with A @-@ 31 Vengeance dive bombers and undertook army @-@ cooperation duties out of Higgins until being declared non @-@ operational in June . That month , a squadron leader from North @-@ Eastern Area Command arrived at No. 75 Wing headquarters to investigate Vengeance accidents and <unk> ; on departure his Vengeance crash @-@ landed on the beach at Princess Charlotte Bay and the crew had to be rescued by an aircraft of No. 9 Squadron . No. 23 Squadron was subsequently re @-@ equipped with B @-@ 24 Liberator heavy bombers and transferred to North @-@ Western Area . 
 After this bout with the censors , Takechi vowed to produce a true , hardcore film for Japanese audiences . The result was Sacred Koya ( Koya Hijiri ) , based on a work by <unk> Izumi . He refused to allow the film to be censored in any way , either through cutting or fogging . Refusing to release the film in Japan , he did not submit it for Eirin 's approval . Instead , he released it in Guam , where it played primarily to Japanese tourist audiences for several years under the U.S. ' s more liberal pornography laws . Takechi 's last film was another remake of Daydream in 1987 , again starring Kyōko Aizome . Though it was a low @-@ budget , independent production which again underwent censorship in Japan , it became very popular in its uncensored form in France . 
 The city of Nanning was announced as the host venue for the 2010 World Half Marathon Championship at the IAAF Council Meeting in Monaco in November 2008 . The winning bid was a continuation of a series of major international athletics events in the People 's Republic of China , which included the 2006 World Junior Championships and a highly successful athletics competition at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . It was the first time that China hosted the competition , becoming the second Asian country to do so after India , which held the 2004 edition in New Delhi . 
 Working out of Tony Leech 's apartment , Cory Edwards sketched the film 's storyboards , Todd Edwards wrote the script while simultaneously writing the songs , and Leech edited the story reel on his Mac computer . Producer Sue Bea Montgomery showed test screenings of the story reel to children in her neighborhood , and gained input from their reactions . The filmmakers had been considering removing Japeth , but chose not to when he proved popular at these screenings . The children also particularly liked Twitchy , which led to the expansion of the character 's role . 
 Buttler was included in the squad that toured the West Indies , cementing his place as England 's first choice Test wicket @-@ keeper . In the first innings of the first Test he was dismissed for a duck , but then hit an unbeaten 59 in the second innings to help put England in a strong position . However , the West Indies batted out the match to secure a draw . In the second match Buttler made 13 in the first innings , and was not required to bat again as England secured a comprehensive nine wicket victory . In the third Test Buttler remained not out on three in the first innings as England 's tail collapsed . He was again left stranded in the second innings on 35 not out . England went on to lose the match as the West Indies chased down their target to win the match by five wickets and level the series at 1 @-@ 1 . 
 Borrowing from the Cynics , the foundation of Stoic ethics is that good lies in the state of the soul itself ; in wisdom and self @-@ control . Stoic ethics stressed the rule : " Follow where reason leads . " One must therefore strive to be free of the passions , bearing in mind that the ancient meaning of " passion " was " anguish " or " suffering " , that is , " passively " reacting to external events , which is somewhat different from the modern use of the word . A distinction was made between pathos ( plural <unk> ) which is normally translated as passion , <unk> or instinctive reaction ( e.g. , turning pale and trembling when confronted by physical danger ) and <unk> , which is the mark of the Stoic sage ( <unk> ) . The <unk> are feelings that result from correct judgment in the same way as passions result from incorrect judgment . 
 Diamonds occur in various colors : black , brown , yellow , gray , white , blue , orange , purple to pink and red . Colored diamonds contain crystallographic defects , including substitutional impurities and structural defects , that cause the coloration . Theoretically , pure diamonds would be transparent and colorless . Diamonds are scientifically classed into two main types and several subtypes , according to the nature of defects present and how they affect light absorption : 
 What thou among the leaves hast never known , 
 From 30 June 1868 , the government discontinued the ferry 's operation and the position of caretaker , leaving travellers to work the ferry themselves . The news was not well received , with newspaper letters complaining of the great inconvenience to the users of the shorter coastal route . As a result , the government reappointed a caretaker on 30 March 1869 . In 1894 the ferry was finally abandoned in favour of a 600 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 180 m ) wooden bridge adjacent to old ferry jetties , which was built by contract at a cost of £ 1700 . However , following the completion of the Perth – Bunbury railway in 1893 , few people travelled up the coast road . While the adjacent land was still privately owned , it was uninhabited . 
 Since these Games were the first since World War II they were given the name " The Games of Renewal . " Japan and Germany were not invited to these Games because they were still ostracized by the international community for their role in World War II . Their absence was short @-@ lived though , as they returned to Olympic competition in 1952 . The Soviet Union did not send athletes to the St. Moritz Games of 1948 , but they did send ten delegates as observers of the Games to determine how successful the Soviet athletes would have been had they competed . 
 From 1499 to 1508 a number of other expeditions were launched from Bristol to the ' New found land ' , the earliest being undertaken by William Weston . One of these , led by John Cabot 's son , Sebastian Cabot , explored down the coast of North America until he was ‘ almost in the latitude of Gibraltar ’ and ‘ almost the longitude of Cuba ’ . This would suggest that he reached as far as the Chesapeake , close to what is now Washington D.C. 
 In 2001 , the commune had eight primary schools with 19 teachers for 595 children . There were 20 <unk> , or traditional schools , in 11 locations . Only four had a library or document repository . There were 11 writing rooms of varying quality , and one small vocational training centre . By 2007 , the commune had 11 primary schools with 689 students ( 45 percent of whom were girls ) and 28 teachers , but no secondary school . Only three schools had desks . All had latrines , but not all had drinking water or facilities for preparing meals for the children . The quality of education was mixed . 
 The nominate subspecies breeds in Europe from southern England , France , Spain and Portugal east to Belarus , northwestern Ukraine , and Greece , and north to the Baltic and southern Latvia . There are isolated populations east of the main range in Abkhazia , the Crimea and Turkey . Its range lies between the 16 and 24 ° C ( 61 and 75 ° F ) July isotherms . Southern birds are largely resident , unlike northern and eastern populations which are migratory , wintering mainly in Mediterranean areas and the far west of Europe from Portugal north to Britain . R. i. balearicus is resident in the Balearic Islands and the northern parts of Morocco , Algeria and Tunisia . This species has been recorded as a vagrant from Norway , Finland , Estonia , Cyprus , Egypt and Lebanon . 
 The Caesar was invented in 1969 by restaurant manager Walter Chell of the Calgary Inn ( today the Westin Hotel ) in Calgary , Alberta , Canada . He devised the cocktail after being tasked to create a signature drink for the Calgary Inn 's new Italian restaurant . He mixed vodka with clam and tomato juice , Worcestershire sauce , and other spices , creating a drink similar to a Bloody Mary but with a uniquely spicy flavour . 
 Ryan Bingham ( George Clooney ) works for a HR consultancy firm which specializes in termination assistance , and makes his living travelling to workplaces across the United States in order to conduct company layoffs and firings on behalf of employers . Ryan also gives motivational speeches , using the analogy " What 's In Your Backpack ? " to extoll the virtues of a life free of burdensome relationships with people as well as things . A frequent flyer , Ryan relishes his travels , and has a personal ambition to become only the seventh person ( as well as the youngest ) to earn ten million frequent flyer miles with American Airlines . During his travels , he meets another frequent flyer named Alex ( Vera Farmiga ) and they begin a casual relationship . 
 For the second eight @-@ bars of the progression , the song follows the standard I – IV – V7 structure , which maintains its connection to traditional blues . The whole band plays it as a shuffle with a triplet rhythm , which Campbell describes as a " free @-@ for @-@ all [ with ] harmonica trills , guitar riffs , piano chords , thumping bass , [ and ] shuffle pattern on the drums " . He adds that this type of heavy sound was rarely heard in small music combos before rock . However , unlike the polyphony of New Orleans jazz , the instrumentation parallels Waters ' aggressive vocal approach and reinforces the lyrics . The players use of amplification , pushed to the point of distortion , is a key feature of Chicago blues and another rock precedent . In particular , Little Walters ' overdriven saxophone @-@ like harmonica playing weaves in and out of the vocal lines , which heightens the drama . 
 Oryzomys gorgasi is the <unk> representative of the genus Oryzomys , which extends north into the eastern United States ( marsh rice rat , O. palustris ) . O. gorgasi is further part of the O. couesi section , which is centered on the widespread Central American O. couesi and also includes six other species with more limited and peripheral distributions . Many aspects of the systematics of the O. couesi section remain unclear and it is likely that the current classification underestimates the true diversity of the group . Oryzomys is classified in the tribe Oryzomyini , a diverse assemblage of American rodents of over a hundred species , and on higher taxonomic levels in the subfamily Sigmodontinae of family Cricetidae , along with hundreds of other species of mainly small rodents . 
 The remnants of Kenneth produced rainfall in the Hawaiian Islands when they interacted with an upper @-@ level trough , causing some reports of flash flooding . At Nu ‘ <unk> Pali on Oahu , a gauge recorded a total precipitation of 10 @.@ 25 inches ( 260 @.@ 4 mm ) ; the gauge also reported 1 @.@ 6 inches ( 40 mm ) in 15 minutes , as well as 4 @.@ 11 inches ( 104 mm ) in one hour . Peak rainfall totals on Oahu included reports of up to 12 inches ( 305 mm ) , which puts Kenneth in a three @-@ way tie for ninth on Hawaii 's rainiest tropical cyclones list , along with Diana in 1972 and a system dubbed " B " from the 1967 season . On October 1 , rains caused the <unk> Stream to burst its banks and Lake Wilson to overflow behind the <unk> Dam . The rainfall produced up to 1 foot ( 300 mm ) of flowing water on Pali Highway , leading to surface runoff which flooded a few homes . 
 In the Faroe Islands , Marine Harvest operates fresh water sites in <unk> , and sea water sites in <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> . Produce is Atlantic salmon . 
 The table below is a summary of the key physical properties of the group 12 elements . Very little is known about copernicium , and none of its physical properties have been confirmed except for its boiling point ( tentative ) . 
 Verbal suffixes , including the zero suffix , convey grammatical information about tense and aspect , two grammatical categories that are not clearly distinguished . Present and <unk> are universally recognised , while some of the other aspects remain controversial . Two of the four moods , the subjunctive and the optative , are also formed with suffixes , which sometimes results in forms with two consecutive suffixes : * <unk> @-@ e @-@ e @-@ ti > * <unk> ' he would carry ' , with the first * e being the present tense marker , and the second the subjunctive marker . Reduplication can mark the present and the perfect . 
 United Nations – In a statement , the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) estimated that as of 23 June more than 450 @,@ 000 people were internally displaced from the war @-@ torn region . Other UN agencies , such as the UNHCR , agreed to provide tents and other facilities to the camps . The World Health Organization ( WHO ) provided medicines and vaccines to the IDPs to avert a polio outbreak . 
 Piper 's 2010 appearance in The End of Time , Tennant 's final story as a series regular , was leaked by the press in May 2009 when Piper was seen photographed on location with Coduri and Tennant . Though Davies had intended the serial to end with the Tenth Doctor visiting his former companions , he struggled with how to include Rose . An initial idea was for Rose to appear with her part @-@ human Doctor in the parallel universe , where both would sense the original Tenth Doctor regenerating . However , Davies felt this would raise too many questions about their lives in the parallel universe . Davies ' successor as executive producer , Steven Moffat , felt that Davies ended Rose 's story in the perfect way by choosing to take it back to the beginning of her acquaintance with the Doctor . Piper 's return for Doctor Who 's 50th anniversary episode was confirmed in March 2013 . Moffat wished to include Piper in the episode because he felt that she symbolised the rebirth of Doctor Who . As he did not feel comfortable adding to Davies ' story arc , he chose instead to re @-@ introduce her Bad Wolf persona . During the episode Piper 's character has dialogue solely with John Hurt 's War Doctor , and is unseen by the other characters , including the Tenth Doctor . Reviewers noted similarities between the characterisation of Bad Wolf Rose and that of a plot device used by Charles Dickens in his 1843 novella A Christmas Carol . Ted B. Kissell , a journalist for The Atlantic likened the War Doctor to Ebenezer Scrooge and dubbed Rose the " Ghost of Doctors Yet to Come " . 
 Unable to contact Kell , Hannay flicks through the notebook , finding it contains pages of code using Roman numerals . He finds a map in the back and takes a train to Scotland to prove Scudder right , attempting to decipher the code en route . Finding out Archduke Ferdinand has been assassinated , Hannay reaches Scotland and leaves the train to escape the police . He stays in a barn overnight , where he deciphers the code in the notebook ( except a section in double code ) , which reveals the Germans want to destroy the Royal Navy so that they could invade the country , starting a war . Chased by the police , the Germans and machine @-@ gun @-@ fire from a biplane , he encounters brother and sister Harry and Victoria Sinclair , a prospective Member of Parliament and a suffragette respectively ( Patrick Kennedy and Lydia Leonard ) , who believe him to be a Liberal spokesman . At a political rally in a nearby town ( Culross ) where Hannay meets Sir George Sinclair , Harry and Victoria 's uncle ( David Haig ) , Victoria aids Hannay 's attempt to escape , before they are captured by the Germans . With the notebook missing from Hannay 's pocket , they are taken to <unk> Castle ( Dumbarton Castle ) , the headquarters of the German espionage ring , where they are imprisoned by Professor Fisher ( Patrick Malahide ) . Sir George arrives as they are captured and inquires about them while they are held in another room . After he leaves they are bound and gagged and placed in the cellar . They escape and return to where they were captured to look for the notebook , which Victoria reveals she had picked from Hannay 's pocket and hidden . They stay overnight in an inn , where Hannay details the contents of the notebook to Victoria . 
 In Australia , the Duke opened the first session of the Australian Parliament upon the creation of the Commonwealth of Australia . In New Zealand , he praised the military values , bravery , loyalty , and obedience to duty of New Zealanders , and the tour gave New Zealand a chance to show off its progress , especially in its adoption of up @-@ to @-@ date British standards in communications and the processing industries . The implicit goal was to advertise New Zealand 's attractiveness to tourists and potential immigrants , while avoiding news of growing social tensions , by focusing the attention of the British press on a land few knew about . On his return to Britain , in a speech at London 's Guildhall , George warned of " the impression which seemed to prevail among [ our ] brethren across the seas , that the Old Country must wake up if she intends to maintain her old position of pre @-@ eminence in her colonial trade against foreign competitors . " 
 Paul Briggs as Marshmallow 
 As new building and weapons technologies developed , the fortress was repeatedly renovated in order to maintain its military effectiveness . In 1912 an expansion and reconstruction initiative was launched . This project called for twelve new forts along with batteries , support buildings , and defensive structures . Its completion was scheduled for 1917 . The older forts were to be completely encircled by the new construction , which was meant to employ the newest military technologies . During the early realization of the plan , new defensive entrenchments were built and the old forts were strengthened with concrete . However , when action began on the Eastern Front during World War I , work on the fortress was halted . In 1915 only one fort , the Ninth , conformed with the new technological criteria , while the Tenth Fort was only partially built . The complex then covered about 65 km2 ( 25 sq mi ) and contained a 30 km ( 19 mi ) internal railway , power plant , water supply system , mill , bakery , brewery , food bank , and telegraph . Despite the fact that the fortress ' renovations and new construction had not been finished , it presented a formidable challenge to its attackers . 
 In 2004 Hannigan credited on soundtrack for " Closer " ( song : Cold Water , arranged and performed by Damien Rice and Lisa Hannigan , featuring <unk> Long ) . 
 A small one @-@ roomed National school ( a school established by the National Society for Promoting Religious Education ) was built in the village in 1872 for about 30 children . However some evidence exists that it had " accommodation for forty @-@ two children and an average attendance of twenty @-@ eight " . The school was recorded on maps of the village until 1909 , although it was dissolved in 1930 ( school mistresses Miss Fanny Harris and Miss Pepper later ran the post office and general store from an outhouse at Flint Cottage ) . The building that housed the school has since been converted to a private dwelling . The school 's small playground was lined by lime trees planted in memory of a general at the end of the Boer Wars . As of November 2011 the lime trees are still there . The nearest primary school to the village is the Milstead and Frinsted Church of England School at Milstead . Secondary school pupils are educated in the towns of Sittingbourne or Maidstone . 
 Fort Canning 
 The video was developed as an independent Madonna clip devoid of any footage from the Bond film , but was still Bond @-@ inspired . It portrayed Madonna in a torture chamber as a prisoner and also fight sequences where the singer duels with herself . Post @-@ production and visual effects for the video was done by London 's Moving Picture Company ( MPC ) . They created " invisible " effects for the fighting sequences , allowing Madonna to shoot two characters . Traktor explained that every shot of the video used some visual effects , co @-@ ordinated by the group 's lead artist , Christophe Allender . The directors did not want to use too many shots for the dueling scenes , which they believed would have restricted their creative freedom . Additional post @-@ production effects included composing the fight sequence as a cohesive theme , adding blood to the wounds inflicted on Madonna , and adding digital stills of windows against the greenscreen where the shots were taken . The final shot showed the characteristic gun barrel sequence from the Bond films . MPC artist Ziggy <unk> used a 2K resolution shot and tailored it according to Traktor 's specifications . Finally , instead of grading the film print , MPC used the negatives to achieve crisper and cleaner images . 
 In recent years , MSU 's music program has grown substantially . Music major enrollment increased more than 97 % between 1991 and 2004 . In early 2007 , this growth led the university board of trustees to spin the music program off into its own college unit : The MSU College of Music . The new college faces many new challenges , such as working with limited space and funding . Nevertheless , MSU 's music college plans on continued success , placing an annual average of 25 graduate students in tenure stream university positions . 
 Berger represented the youth teams of Czechoslovakia from the under @-@ 15 level , working his way up through under @-@ 16 , under @-@ 17 and under @-@ 18 between 1988 and 1991 . For these junior teams he had a record of a total of six goals in 49 appearances . During this time he won the 1990 UEFA European Under @-@ 16 Football Championship with the under @-@ 16 side , scoring in the final against Yugoslavia . 
 The foregoing declaration may be adhered to by other nations which are , or which may be , rendering material assistance and contributions in the struggle for victory over Hitlerism . 
 The hypothalamic – pituitary – thyroid axis plays a key role in maintaining thyroid hormone levels within normal limits . Production of TSH by the anterior pituitary gland is stimulated in turn by thyrotropin @-@ releasing hormone ( TRH ) , released from the hypothalamus . Production of TSH and TRH is decreased by thyroxine by a negative feedback process . Not enough TRH , which is uncommon , can lead to not enough TSH and thereby to not enough thyroid hormone production . 
 Warrior is part of the National Historic Fleet , and is berthed in the Portsmouth Historic Dockyard complex , which is also the home of Nelson 's flagship HMS Victory and the Tudor warship Mary Rose . In 1995 she received over 280 @,@ 000 visitors , and the whole dockyard receives between 400 @,@ 000 and 500 @,@ 000 visitors annually . Warrior is still managed by the Warrior Preservation Trust and is used as a venue for weddings and functions to generate funds for her maintenance . The trust also has a collection of material related to the ship and an archive ; the latter is not yet open to the public . 
 Iowa arrived in Seattle , Washington , on 15 October 1945 , then sailed for Long Beach , California , where she engaged in training operations until returning to Japan in 1946 to serve as flagship for the 5th Fleet . She returned to the United States on 25 March 1946 and resumed her role as a training ship . During her usual routine of drills and maneuvers she also embarked Naval Reserve elements and midshipmen for training . In October , Iowa underwent a period of overhaul and modernization , which resulted in the addition of the SK @-@ 2 Radar and the loss of a number of 20 mm and 40 mm gun mounts . In July , following the Bikini atomic experiments , the old battleship Nevada was selected as a target for a live fire exercise to be carried out by Iowa and other sea and air assets of the navy . The exercise began with separate <unk> from a destroyer , heavy cruiser , and Iowa , but this did not sink the ship , and so Nevada was finished off with one aerial torpedo hit amidships , sinking her 65 mi ( 105 km ) from Pearl Harbor on 31 July 1948 . In September 1948 , as part of the post World War II draw down of the armed forces , Iowa was inactivated at San Francisco and formally decommissioned into the United States Navy reserve fleets on 24 March 1949 . 
 Big Ten Academic All @-@ Conference 
 The single specimen was discovered in the Eschenbach @-@ <unk> Quarry in <unk> , and is named after the outlaw Schinderhannes who frequented the area . Its specific epithet bartelsi honours Christoph Bartels , a Hunsrück Slate expert . The specimen is now housed in the Naturhistorisches Museum , Mainz . 
 " Electric " ( radio edit ) – 3 : 46 
 " Farewell " – 4 : 16 
 The Chocobo series is a spin @-@ off series of games first developed by Square and later by Square Enix , featuring a super deformed version of the Final Fantasy series mascot — the chocobo — as the protagonist . These games include Mystery Dungeon installments and a variety of minigame collections over a wide variety of video game consoles . The series includes over a dozen games , most of which have been released only in Japan . The soundtracks to the games have been composed by a wide variety of composers , and many of the soundtracks are composed primarily of arranged versions of tracks from previous Final Fantasy soundtracks , especially the " chocobo " theme . 
 Impetus for the passage of a three @-@ cent coin came when Congress , in January 1851 , considered reducing postage rates from five cents to three . In 1849 , House Committee on Ways and Means chairman , Samuel Vinton , had written to Mint director Robert M. Patterson that his committee was considering both reducing the postage rate and instituting a three @-@ cent coin . Although no legislative action was then taken , Patterson had the mint prepare experimental pattern coins . The House committee proposing the 1851 bill included Dickinson 's three @-@ cent piece , and provided that it be legal tender up to 30 cents . When the bill was debated in the House on January 13 , 1851 , New York Congressman William Duer indicated that he felt both coin and stamp should be denominated at 21 ⁄ 2 cents , and his fellow New Yorker , <unk> Matteson , offered an amendment to that effect . The amendment failed , as did every other attempt to change the legislation , including Dickinson 's plea , in the Senate , to restore the requirement that the new coin be used to retire some of the Spanish silver . The bill passed both houses , and became the Act of March 3 , 1851 when President Millard Fillmore signed it . 
 Villages of sunken huts with stone ovens appeared in Transylvania around 600 . Their network was expanding along the rivers Mureş , Olt and Someş . The so @-@ called " Mediaş group " of cremation or mixed cemeteries emerged in this period near salt mines . The Hungarian and the Romanian vocabulary of salt mining was taken from Slavic , suggesting that Slavs were employed in the mines for centuries . Bistriţa ( " swift " ) , <unk> ( " nice " or " red " ) , Sibiu ( " dogwood " ) , and many other rivers and settlements with names of Slavic origin also evidence the presence of Slavs in Transylvania . 
 Performance 
 North Carolina , at the time of passing this act , . . . had , but a short time before , shaken off her colonial government , and assumed a sovereign independent . . . . [ D ] uring the colonial system , . . . the citizens were restrained and prohibited from extending their settlements to the westward , so as to encroach on lands set apart for the Indian tribes . . . . [ By treaty , ] a boundary between the state and the said Indians was established . [ The North Carolina nonintercourse act of November 1777 restriction the acquisition of lands ] ‘ which have accrued , or shall accrue , to this state , by treaty or conquest . ’ . . . . It is not to be presumed , that the legislature intended , so shortly after making the treaty , to violate it , by permitting entries to be made west of the line fixed by the treaty . . . . [ T ] he legislative intention , to prohibit and restrict entries from being made on lands reserved for Indian tribes , may be discerned . [ Amendments to the act passed after the acquisition in question ] expressly forbid [ ] the entering or surveying any lands within the Indian hunting grounds , recognises the western boundary as fixed by the above @-@ mentioned treaty , and declares void all entries and surveys which have been , or shall thereafter be made within the Indian boundary . 
 The only dam on the Willamette 's main stem is the Willamette Falls Dam , a low weir @-@ type structure at Willamette Falls that diverts water into the <unk> of the adjacent mills and a power plant . The locks at Willamette Falls were completed in 1873 . Elsewhere on the main stem , numerous minor flow @-@ regulation structures force the river into a narrower and deeper channel to facilitate navigation and flood control . 
 Mao Zedong opposed all of these initiatives , but first focused his dissatisfaction on other marshals , Liu Bocheng and Luo <unk> , who Mao accused of " dogmatism " ( uncritically assimilating methods borrowed from the Soviet Union ) . In 1958 Mao convinced Peng of the need to maintain a balance between military professionalism and political indoctrination , and Peng cooperated in removing Liu and Luo from high positions . Peng 's removal of Liu especially cost Peng the support of many other military leaders , and Mao used Liu 's resulting criticism of Peng to criticize Peng before other senior Chinese leaders the next year , when Mao then sought to remove Peng . 
 The first programme attracted 5 @.@ 1 million viewers with a 32 % audience share , with 4 @.@ 9 million viewers ( 30 % share ) watching the first of the live finals , and 4 @.@ 7 million ( 23 % share ) viewing the results programme . The series dropped to a low of 4 @.@ 4 million viewers ( 24 % share ) against the third series of The X Factor on ITV1 , which started the week before . The X Factor continued to gain higher viewing figures as the weeks progressed , with the final of Maria ? attracting 5 @.@ 5 million viewers ( 28 % share ) for the main show and 7 @.@ 7 million ( 35 % share ) for the results show . 
 The Croton Hydroelectric Plant was listed with the Michigan State Register and was awarded a Michigan Historical Marker ( site <unk> ) . The marker was replaced with a new one in 2005 . The site was then listed with the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as structure ID # <unk> . 
 May 10 – Colonna – 11 ; Stoppani – 7 ; Pozzobonelli – 5 ; Fantuzzi – 4 ; Ganganelli – 4 
 At the start of March 1966 , Hubbard created the Guardian 's Office ( GO ) , a new agency within the Church of Scientology that was headed by his wife Mary Sue . It dealt with Scientology 's external affairs , including public relations , legal actions and the gathering of intelligence on perceived threats . As Scientology faced increasingly negative media attention , the GO retaliated with hundreds of writs for libel and slander ; it issued more than forty on a single day . Hubbard ordered his staff to find " lurid , blood sex crime actual evidence [ sic ] on [ Scientology 's ] attackers " . 
 Along with other forensic specialists , forensic chemists commonly testify in court as expert witnesses regarding their findings . The work performed by forensic chemists is bound by a set of standards that have been proposed by various agencies and governing bodies , including the Scientific Working Group on the Analysis of Seized Drugs . In addition to the standard operating procedures proposed by the group , specific agencies have their own standards regarding the quality assurance and quality control of their results and their instruments . In order to ensure the accuracy of what they are reporting , forensic chemists routinely check and verify that their instruments are working correctly and are still able to detect and measure various quantities of different substances . 
 The scene is set within a rather narrow interior space , with a barrel vault ceiling , patterned floor tilings , and stained glass windows . The outer wall opens to the midground , with a patch of grass and plants , and has a view of a river or inlet . Art historian Jeffrey Chipps Smith notes how the transition between the grounds establishes a " complex spatial space in which [ van der Weyden ] achieved an almost seamless movement from the elaborate architecture of the main room to the garden and parapet of the middle ground to the urban and rural landscape behind " . 
 With 1 @,@ 210 @,@ 193 @,@ 422 residents reported in the 2011 provisional census report , India is the world 's second @-@ most populous country . Its population grew by 17 @.@ 64 % during 2001 – 2011 , compared to 21 @.@ 54 % growth in the previous decade ( 1991 – 2001 ) . The human sex ratio , according to the 2011 census , is 940 females per 1 @,@ 000 males . The median age was 24 @.@ 9 in the 2001 census . The first post @-@ colonial census , conducted in 1951 , counted 361 @.@ 1 million people . Medical advances made in the last 50 years as well as increased agricultural productivity brought about by the " Green Revolution " have caused India 's population to grow rapidly . India continues to face several public health @-@ related challenges . 
 M @-@ 73 starts on its southwestern end on a bridge over the Brule River that connects across the state line to WIS 55 in Forest County , Wisconsin . On the Michigan side of the border , the highway runs north away from the river . It runs along the western edge of a section of farm fields before turning eastward to run through them . M @-@ 73 passes to the south of Hagerman , Little Hagerman and Bass lakes , after which it turns northeasterly running north of Stanley Lake . The northern terminus is at US 2 west of downtown Iron River . All of M @-@ 73 is two @-@ lane rural highway through wooded terrain except the section immediately north of the state line which runs along the aforementioned farm . 
 Season 12 : " Maid Man " , " Genetic Disorder " , " Trends with Benefits " , " Altered Stakes " 
 William Devane as President Henry Hayes 
 It was perhaps difficult for the judges charged with hearing the trials – Sir James Altham and Sir Edward Bromley – to understand King James 's attitude towards witchcraft . The king was head of the judiciary , and Bromley was hoping for promotion to a circuit nearer London . Altham was nearing the end of his judicial career , but he had recently been accused of a miscarriage of justice at the York Assizes , which had resulted in a woman being sentenced to death by hanging for witchcraft . The judges may have been uncertain whether the best way to gain the king 's favour was by encouraging convictions , or by " sceptically testing the witnesses to destruction " . 
 Over the next four decades , the Andersons would initiate between twenty @-@ five and thirty people into their tradition . Anderson has been described as one of the " founding teachers " and the " seminal voice " of the Feri tradition , although – according to Feri initiate Storm <unk> – he preferred to refer to himself as " Grand Master and a fairy chief " . The original word that the Andersons used for their tradition was Vicia , which Cora claimed was Italian . She added that " the name Fairy became accidentally attached to our tradition because Victor so often mentioned that word in speaking of nature spirits and Celtic magic " . Early initiates alternately spelled the name of the tradition as Fairy , Faery , or Faerie , although Anderson began using the spelling Feri during the 1990s to differentiate it from other witchcraft traditions of the same name ; not all practitioners followed his example . Cora claimed that Feri was the word 's original spelling , adding that it meant " the things of magic " . Anderson also referred to his form of Wicca as the Pictish tradition . In their writing , the Andersons mixed terminology adopted from Huna , Gardnerian Wicca , and Voodoo , believing that all reflected the same underlying magico @-@ religious tradition . It drew heavily upon the <unk> system developed by Max Freedom Long . According to one Feri initiate , <unk> Blackthorn : 
 Michael Matusow ( born April 30 , 1968 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American professional poker player , residing in Henderson , Nevada . Matusow 's nickname of " The Mouth " reflects his reputation for trash @-@ talking at the poker table . He is also known for sometimes ruining hours or days of good play with a single misjudgment , ( known as a " Mike Matusow Blow @-@ up " or " Mike Matusow Meltdown " ) . 
 EVA Air launched service to Istanbul on 5 March 2016 , operating a 777 @-@ 300ER reg . B @-@ <unk> . This flight is operated 4 times a week . EVA Air also launched service to Cebu , Philippines on 27 March 2016 using its A321 @-@ 200 aircraft . This flight operates daily . 
 While nine innings has been the standard since the beginning of professional baseball , the duration of the average major league game has increased steadily through the years . At the turn of the 20th century , games typically took an hour and a half to play . In the 1920s , they averaged just less than two hours , which eventually ballooned to 2 : 38 in 1960 . By 1997 , the average American League game lasted 2 : 57 ( National League games were about 10 minutes shorter — pitchers at the plate making for quicker outs than designated hitters ) . In 2004 , Major League Baseball declared that its goal was an average game of merely 2 : 45 . By 2014 , though , the average MLB game took over three hours to complete . The lengthening of games is attributed to longer breaks between half @-@ innings for television commercials , increased offense , more pitching changes , and a slower pace of play with pitchers taking more time between each delivery , and batters stepping out of the box more frequently . Other leagues have experienced similar issues . In 2008 , Nippon Professional Baseball took steps aimed at shortening games by 12 minutes from the preceding decade 's average of 3 : 18 . 
 Eve then formed an alliance with Kelly Kelly , and after Kelly won the Divas Championship in June , Eve accompanied her to the ring during her matches . Eve and Kelly began feuding with The Divas of Doom ( Beth Phoenix and Natalya ) , and after Phoenix won the Divas Championship from Kelly , Eve defeated Natalya to earn a match against Phoenix for the championship . She faced Phoenix at the Vengeance pay @-@ per @-@ view , but was unsuccessful in capturing the title . On the October 31 episode of Raw , Eve won a battle royal to become the number one contender to the Divas Championship . She received her championship match at the Survivor Series pay @-@ per @-@ view , but lost a Lumberjill match to Phoenix . She later described the match as her favorite . 
 The incident alerted the remainder of the Australians and the company prepared for action . Considering it unlikely that the dead men had been alone , O 'Donnell assessed that the remainder of a Viet Cong squad was located somewhere further along the track and he subsequently requested artillery fire to block any escape , while 2 Platoon was ordered to sweep forward . Under the command of Second Lieutenant Graham Ross , 2 Platoon commenced its advance before coming under automatic fire 100 metres ( 110 yd ) along the track by a Viet Cong squad which then went to ground after the Australians returned fire . Attempting to take the initiative , Ross began to manoeuvre for a quick attack , moving two sections to the high ground on the right flank , while the third section provided fire support . Meanwhile , the Viet Cong force , which turned out to be larger than first thought by the Australians , also attempted a flanking manoeuvre , moving one squad into a defensive position while two squads moved to their left flank . Deploying to the high ground at about the same time the two assault groups came face to face and a fierce fire @-@ fight followed at close range , with both sides throwing grenades in an attempt to gain the initiative . Two Australians were killed and several more were wounded in the initial clashes . 
 Internationally , Ehrhoff has played for the German national team in numerous tournaments , including three Winter Olympics , four World Championships and a World Cup . 
 During the 10 @-@ year period when Wyangala Dam was enlarged , and post upgrade . 
 Circulation figures were not required to be published annually until the 1960s , so the actual circulation figures are not known . For comparison , the more successful Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction , which had been launched the previous year , is known to have had a circulation of just under 60 @,@ 000 copies for its first issue , dated Fall 1949 . 
 SaGa 2 : Hihou Densetsu ( 2009 ) 
 In response to complaints before the episode even aired , CBS had flown the producers to San Francisco , where in an interview with local CBS affiliate KPIX the pair acknowledged that the material for the show was selected for its likelihood to be shocking . Two months after Alfred 's complaint to the NNC , CBS defended its people . Network vice @-@ president Robert Chandler dismissed the bulk of Alfred 's complaints as " trivial , irrelevant or clearly represent [ ing ] matters of opinion or judgment " . Chandler went on to acknowledge that the applause was broadcast out of sequence but denied that it was intended to deceive . " Whatever the motivation , it is clear that our producers indicated the applause out of its actual time sequence and therefore misled our viewers . This , then , constitutes an acknowledgment of error and an apology for a breach of our own journalistic standards . " Regarding the program as a whole , Chandler denied any bias . 
 In 2008 , there were 3 @.@ 718 million phone landlines used in comparison to 8 @.@ 639 million cellular phones in Belarus . Most of the phone lines are operated by <unk> , a state @-@ owned company . About two @-@ thirds of all of the phone services are run on digital systems , and the mobile @-@ cellular <unk> is about 90 phones per 100 persons . There are approximately 113 @,@ 000 internet hosts in Belarus in 2009 to meet the needs of approximately 3 @.@ 107 million Internet users . 
 Datchet on the north bank of the River Thames has existed as a settlement since before 990 but the first recorded mention of a river crossing is in 1224 when Henry III gave John le <unk> a " great oak " with which to make a boat for " passage of Datchet " . In 1278 Edward I paid for William of Eton to a build a " great barge " for Datchet Ferry . Although the Crown had provided for the vessels , the right to operate the ferry and collect tolls sat with the Lord of the Manor of Datchet . This continued until 1680 when the then Lord of the Manor , Colonel Andrew Pitcairn Wheeler , sold the Manor of Datchet to Budd <unk> but kept back the ferry rights which he subsequently mortgaged for £ 1000 ( equivalent to £ 146 @,@ 000 today ) . In 1699 Wheeler wrote to William III complaining that a wall built by the King along the Windsor bank was adversely affecting the ferry trade . To settle the complaint the Crown purchased the ferry rights from Colonel Wheeler for £ 7000 ( equivalent to £ 883 @,@ 000 today ) . 
 In the issue dated March 12 , 2011 , " Beautiful People " debuted at number 37 on the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart . The song peaked at number one in the issue dated May 21 , 2011 , and became the first number @-@ one single for both Brown and Benassi . In the issue dated September 17 , 2011 , " Beautiful People " debuted and peaked on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart at number 43 . In Canada , the song debuted at number 90 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart dated May 7 , 2011 . It later peaked at number 22 , and spent 10 weeks on the chart . On the Australian Singles Chart , " Beautiful People " debuted at number 14 on March 21 , 2011 , and peaked at number seven on May 2 , 2011 . The song was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) , denoting sales of 140 @,@ 000 copies . 
 Sivaji Ganesan as Gunasekaran 
 While lipid tails primarily modulate bilayer phase behavior , it is the headgroup that determines the bilayer surface chemistry . Most natural bilayers are composed primarily of phospholipids , although sphingolipids such as sphingomyelin and sterols such as cholesterol are also important components . Of the phospholipids , the most common headgroup is phosphatidylcholine ( PC ) , accounting for about half the phospholipids in most mammalian cells . PC is a <unk> headgroup , as it has a negative charge on the phosphate group and a positive charge on the amine but , because these local charges balance , no net charge . 
 The first two ships were initially armed with a mix of 7 @-@ inch and 64 @-@ pounder 71 cwt rifled muzzle @-@ loading guns . The eight 64 @-@ pounder guns were mounted on the broadside while the two 7 @-@ inch ( 178 mm ) guns were mounted on the forecastle and poop as chase guns . The 16 @-@ calibre 7 @-@ inch gun weighed 6 @.@ 5 long tons ( 6 @.@ 6 t ) and fired a 112 @-@ pound ( 50 @.@ 8 kg ) shell . It was credited with the nominal ability to penetrate 7 @.@ 7 @-@ inch ( 196 mm ) armour . After the completion of their first commissions , the two ships were rearmed with a total of fourteen lighter 64 @-@ cwt 64 @-@ pounder guns , two of which replaced the 7 @-@ inch guns as chase guns . Thetis , the last ship completed , was given this armament from the beginning . 
 <unk> ' and ' <unk> ' are two varieties popular in the Netherlands in a breakfast dish , thinly sliced on buttered bread . 
 Kubrick 's films typically involve expressions of an inner struggle , examined from different perspectives . He was very careful not to present his own views of the meaning of his films and leave them open to interpretation . He explained in a 1960 interview with Robert Emmett <unk> : " One of the things I always find extremely difficult , when a picture 's finished , is when a writer or a film reviewer asks , ' Now , what is it that you were trying to say in that picture ? ' And without being thought too presumptuous for using this analogy , I like to remember what T. S. Eliot said to someone who had asked him — I believe it was The Waste Land — what he meant by the poem . He replied , ' I meant what I said ' . If I could have said it any differently , I would have " . Kubrick likened the understanding of his films to popular music , in that whatever the background or intellect of the individual , a Beatles record , for instance , can both be appreciated by the Alabama truck driver and the young Cambridge intellectual in the way that his films can because their " emotions and subconscious are far more similar than their intellects " . He believed that the subconscious emotional reaction evoked by audiences was far more powerful in the film medium than in any other traditional verbal form , and was one of the reasons why he often relied on long periods in his films without dialogue , placing emphasis on images and sound . In a Time magazine interview in 1975 , Kubrick further stated : " The essence of a dramatic form is to let an idea come over people without it being plainly stated . When you say something directly , it is simply not as potent as it is when you allow people to discover it for themselves . " He also said " Realism is probably the best way to dramatize argument and ideas . Fantasy may deal best with themes which lie primarily in the unconscious " . 
 Ochs turned to his musical roots in country music and early rock and roll . He decided he needed to be " part Elvis Presley and part Che Guevara " , so he commissioned a gold lamé suit from Elvis Presley 's costumer <unk> Cohn . Ochs wore the gold suit on the cover of his 1970 album , Greatest Hits , which consisted of new songs largely in rock and country styles . 
 The following papers in the series were treatises on gravitational radiation ( one with Sachs , one with <unk> ) . The work with Sachs studies , among other things , vacuum solutions with special algebraic properties , using the 2 @-@ component spinor formalism . It also gives a systematic exposition of the geometric properties of bundles ( in mathematical terms : congruences ) of light beams . Spacetime geometry can influence the propagation of light , making them converge on or diverge from each other , or deforming the bundle 's cross section without changing its area . The paper formalizes these possible changes in the bundle in terms of the bundle 's expansion ( convergence / divergence ) , and twist and shear ( cross @-@ section area @-@ conserving deformation ) , linking those properties to spacetime geometry . One result is the Ehlers @-@ Sachs theorem describing the properties of the shadow produced by a narrow beam of light encountering an opaque object . The tools developed in that work would prove essential for the discovery by Roy Kerr of his Kerr solution , describing a rotating black hole – one of the most important exact solutions . 
 As its name implies , the gray mouse lemur is a lemur , a type of primate , and belongs to the suborder Strepsirrhini and infraorder Lemuriformes . Within Lemuriformes , it belongs to the family Cheirogaleidae , which contains the mouse lemurs , dwarf lemurs , giant mouse lemurs , fork @-@ marked lemurs , and hairy @-@ eared dwarf lemur . The mouse lemur genus Microcebus includes the smallest primates in the world . Phylogenetic analyses of D @-@ loop DNA sequences of various lemur species suggests that the gray mouse lemur may be most closely related to the reddish @-@ gray mouse lemur ( M. griseorufus ) . 
 In 1899 , Oslo Municipality established KKS to build and operate three tram lines . The second line to open was the Rodeløkka Line on 23 March 1900 , which connected to the KSS @-@ owned Grünerløkka – Torshov Line at Nybrua near <unk> gate . The line was built as double track until <unk> . It ran along Trondheimsveien before it branched off at <unk> gate towards Rodeløkka ; it followed <unk> gate , <unk> and <unk> before reaching <unk> . Here , a small depot was built with place for six cars . On 26 January 1901 , a new connection line through <unk> gate was built from <unk> to Kirkeristen , and the company no longer needed to lease tracks from Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei in the city center . KKS was bought by KSS in 1905 . 
 The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton , Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company . In this episode , traveling salesman Todd Packer ( David Koechner ) comes to Dunder Mifflin looking for a desk job in the office . However , the office is unsure if they want him to work there due to his previous behavior . Jim Halpert ( John Krasinski ) and Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) eventually team up and develop a scheme that rids the office of Packer . Meanwhile , after dealing with computer problems , Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) confronts Pam Halpert ( Jenna Fischer ) about getting a new computer . 
 Neil Perry – engineer , mixing 
 In June 2015 , Norwegian computer scientist Håkon Wium Lie and the Socialist Left Party proposed using the .sj domain , along with .bv , as online free havens . The proposal aims at protecting both the Norwegian authorities and foreign dissidents from surveillance . 
 On 7 March 2009 the RIRA claimed responsibility for the 2009 Massereene Barracks shooting . This shooting occurred outside the Massereene Barracks as four soldiers were receiving a pizza delivery . Two soldiers were killed , and the other two soldiers and two deliverymen were injured . On 3 April 2009 the RIRA in Derry claimed responsibility for carrying out a punishment shooting of a man who was awaiting sentencing for raping a 15 @-@ year @-@ old girl . The RIRA were also blamed for orchestrating rioting in the Ardoyne area of Belfast on 13 July 2009 as an Apprentice Boys parade was passing . Several PSNI officers were injured in the rioting and at least one shot was fired at police . In early November , the Independent Monitoring Commission released a report stating that the threat from the RIRA and other dissident republicans was at its most serious level since the 1998 Good Friday Agreement . 
 Perfect Dark is set in early 2022 , predating the storyline of the Nintendo 64 game by one year . Joanna Dark is a student at the Carrington Institute and she is eager to complete the final stages of her training . After completing her training successfully , Carrington Institute leader Daniel Carrington sends her on a mission to destroy an illegal cyborg manufacturing facility in the South American jungle . The facility is headed by Mink Hunter , a highly dangerous terrorist whose purpose is to produce high @-@ tech weaponry for terrorist operations . Joanna manages to complete her mission by eliminating Hunter and destroying the entire facility . When Carrington contacts Joanna , she reports that , during her landing in the jungle , she witnessed an aircraft being shot down and made a note of the co @-@ ordinates . Carrington soon learns that there is a UFO in the area at the time and that dataDyne , the world 's leading developer of new technology , is getting away with the alien wreckage . 
 Florida State had three players selected in the draft , including Ponder , who was taken with the 12th overall selection , making him the first participant from the 2010 ACC Championship Game to be picked . Florida State 's two other selections were offensive lineman Rodney Hudson ( 55th overall ) and defensive end Markus White ( 224th ) . Virginia Tech likewise had three players selected : Ryan Williams ( 38th ) , Rashad Carmichael ( 127th ) , and Tyrod Taylor ( 180th ) . 
 In the United Kingdom , the single faced competition in a hugely hyped chart battle with Victoria Beckham 's single " Not Such an Innocent Girl " . On the chart date of 29 September 2001 , " Can 't Get You Out of My Head " debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart with first week sales of 306 @,@ 000 units , while " Not Such an Innocent Girl " debuted at number six with first week sales of 35 @,@ 000 units . It spent four weeks at number one , and a total of 25 weeks inside the top 40 on the chart . The song spent a record @-@ breaking eight weeks at number one on the airplay chart of the country and became the first to garner 3000 radio plays in a single week . Subsequently , it became the most @-@ played song of 2001 in the region . " Can 't Get You Out of My Head " was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry for shipments of 600 @,@ 000 units in 2001 . The certification was upgraded to double @-@ platinum in 2015 , denoting shipments of 1 @,@ 200 @,@ 000 units . 
 Numerous tensions within the team and from publisher 2K Games continued during the development process . According to LeBreton , Levine was distrustful of some of the more egotistical newer hires and was often arguing with them to enforce his vision of BioShock . 2K Games was concerned with the growing budget for the title , and told Levine to market the title more as a first @-@ person shooter rather than the first @-@ person shooter / role player game hybrid they set out for . Near the targeted release date , Levine ordered the team into round @-@ the @-@ clock development , creating more strife in the team . Paul <unk> , the game 's lead designer , was often omitted from key design meetings , which he later recounted was due to his contrary nature to Levine , questioning several of his choices ; he used his frustration to put into the design efforts for the Medical Pavilion level that he was in charge of at that time . Near the anticipated completion date , 2K decided to give Irrational another three months to polish up the game , extending the current crunch time the studio was already under . A critical playtest of the game occurred in January 2007 , where initial feedback from the players was mostly negative , including issues of the setting being too dark , having no idea where to go , and distrusting Atlas , who at the time was voiced in a southern drawl , described as a " lecherous Colonel Sanders " . The team took this criticism to heart , revamping several elements during those extra months such as improving the lighting , implementing a quest marker , and using an Irish voice for Atlas to make him sound more trustworthy . 
 Several veterans organizations leaders were dismayed by the decision . A spokesperson for the Veterans of Foreign Wars said " Despite the ruling , the VFW will continue to challenge far @-@ fetched stories , and to publicize these false heroes to the broadest extent possible as a deterrent to others . ” Harold A. Fritz , a recipient of the medal from the Vietnam War agreed with the VFW that " It ’ s more than just a piece of metal suspended on a piece of cloth on a pin . . . . And people who abuse that . . . need to be penalized . " Proponents of the Stolen Valor Act promised to bring forward more limited legislation in the future . 
 Eric Carpenter - saxophone 
 D. <unk> ( now B. <unk> ) 
 The university 's athletic facilities , including Molson Stadium , are located on Mount Royal , near the residence halls and the Montreal Neurological Institute . The Gymnasium is named in honour of General Sir Arthur William Currie . 
 As the storm crossed into Virginia , it continued to produce heavy rainfall , including a total of 7 @.@ 61 in ( 193 mm ) in Norfolk . Near the border between Virginia and North Carolina , the storm produced tides of up to 4 ft ( 1 @.@ 2 m ) above normal . Gusty winds of over 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) downed a few trees , causing scattered power outages . Above @-@ normal tides and waves caused moderate to heavy beach erosion in Virginia Beach . Further north , Ginger produced above @-@ normal tides , light winds , and scattered rainfall along the Delmarva Peninsula and northward through New York . 
 From 2010 , Smooth and Real Radio were the official broadcaster of the switch @-@ on ceremony for the Blackpool Illuminations , the broadcast rights to which it won from BBC Radio 2 , which had aired it since 1997 . 2010 was the first time the event was broadcast on commercial radio . The annual event was compered by presenters from the two stations at a purposely @-@ built arena , and featured a music concert by popular artists . Performers in 2010 included Alesha Dixon , Gabriella Cilmi , The Wanted , Olly Murs , and Robbie Williams , who switched on the lights that year . The 2012 switch @-@ on was performed by Greg Rutherford , Luke Campbell and Beth Tweddle — British Olympians who won gold medals at the 2012 Summer Olympics . 
 Season one 's final episode finishes with two cliffhangers , the opening of the hatch and the attack of the Others on Michael 's boat . When production of season 2 started , the writers decided that season premiere " Man of Science , Man of Faith " would focus on the hatch , leaving the raft for the second episode . To avoid bloating the first episode , some of the hatch storylines , such as Locke 's incursion , were left to be revealed in " Adrift " . The episode was originally going to be Sawyer centric , and was to feature actress Jolene Blalock as a guest , but this was rewritten " at the proverbial last minute " and changed to a Michael @-@ centric episode . 
 For the purpose of analysis the music scholar Jane Glover has divided Monteverdi 's list of instruments into three main groups : strings , brass and continuo , with a few further items not easily classifiable . The strings grouping is formed from ten members of the violin family ( viole da <unk> ) , two double basses ( <unk> de viola ) , and two small violins ( violini <unk> alla <unk> ) . The viole da <unk> are in two five @-@ part ensembles , each comprising two violins , two violas and a cello . The brass group contains four or five trombones ( <unk> ) , three trumpets and two cornetts . The continuo forces include two harpsichords ( <unk> <unk> ) , a double harp ( <unk> <unk> ) , two or three <unk> , two pipe organs ( <unk> di legno ) , three bass viola da gamba , and a regal or small reed organ . Outside of these groupings are two recorders ( <unk> alla <unk> secunda ) , and possibly one or more <unk> — unlisted by Monteverdi , but included in instructions relating to the end of Act 4 . 
 Seven practice sessions were held before the race . The first two on February 12 ran 120 minutes and 105 minutes each . The next two on February 16 were for shortened 90 minutes and 55 minutes long after rain delays . Two days later , two more practice sessions were scheduled , which ran 60 and 85 minutes long . The final practice session was held on February 19 . Mark Martin was quickest with a time of 48 @.@ 681 seconds in the first session , less than one @-@ tenth of a second faster than Jeff Gordon . Paul Menard was just off Gordon 's pace , followed by Dale Earnhardt Jr . , Jeff Burton , and Bill Elliott . Johnson was seventh , still within a second of Martin 's time . In the second practice session , Martin remained fastest with a time of 48 @.@ 567 seconds , less than one @-@ tenth of a second quicker than second @-@ placed Johnson . Burton took third place , ahead of Trevor Bayne , Menard and Gordon . Also in the second practice session , McMurray collided into the wall after his tire failed , and had to move to his back @-@ up car . 
 In the Somerset home of Agent X , Casey briefly wields an M60 machine gun during the shoot @-@ out . In the film Full Metal Jacket , Adam Baldwin 's character Animal Mother wields an identical weapon during the Vietnam War . 
 * Substitutes in final because of illness : Louisa Reeve for Howard and Alice Freeman for Knowles 
 Classical Athenian girls were not formally educated ; rather , their mothers would have taught them the skills they would need to run a household . They married young , often to much older men . When they married , Athenian women had two main roles : to bear children , and to run the household . In elite families , there was an ideology of seclusion , and wealthy women would not have been permitted to socialise with unrelated men . However , in most families this ideology would have been impractical : women were needed to carry out tasks such as going to the market and drawing water , which required taking time outside the house where interactions with men were possible . 
 However , not all reviews were as positive . Robert Abele of LA Weekly thought the pilot was average , containing " fashionable gore , occasionally witty dialogue , serviceable suspense and boilerplate police @-@ department politics " . Abele felt that the series was a superhero tale , rather than the dark comedy , police thriller and brooding drama that it was promoted to be . Brian Lowry of Variety did not think that Dexter would impress critics , and noted , " antics of the deranged ... aren 't really all that pleasant to watch " , but praised Hall 's acting saying that he " ... quickly dispatches any thoughts of his " Six Feet " character , which , by itself , represents quite an accomplishment . " Nancy DeWolf Smith of The Wall Street Journal felt that the " grotesqueries of Dexter are not something that can easily be dismissed with the old ' you don 't have to watch ' line . We don 't have to watch . We do have to live among the viewers who will be desensitized , or aroused , by this show " . 
 Following the artist and amateur naturalist Abbott Handerson Thayer , Cott explains countershading with diagrams , photographs of models and examples of real animals . He shows how helpful it would be for military camouflage with drawings of gun barrels . 
 By August , the war was costing Nasser $ 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 a day , when he arrived in <unk> harbor aboard his presidential yacht <unk> ( Freedom ) to negotiate with Faisal . It was Nasser 's first visit to Saudi Arabia since 1956 . At the request of the Egyptians , due to assassination rumors , the banners and flags normally put up to celebrate a visiting dignitary were omitted , the sidewalks were cleared of people , and the car was a special bulletproof model . On the evening of his arrival , Nasser was welcomed at a banquet and reception for 700 guests . In less than 48 hours they reached full agreement . Once the agreement was signed , Faisal embraced Nasser and kissed him on both cheeks . The agreement provided for 
 In his mature operas Meyerbeer selected stories which almost invariably featured as a major element of storyline a hero living within a hostile environment . Robert , Raoul the Huguenot , Jean the prophet , and the defiant Vasco da Gama in L 'Africaine are all ' outsiders ' . It has been suggested that ' Meyerbeer 's choice of these topics is not accidental ; they reflect his own sense of living in a potentially inimical <unk> 
 The colonists were also aware that April 19 would be the date of the expedition , despite Gage 's efforts to keep the details hidden from all the British rank and file and even from the officers who would command the mission . There is reasonable speculation , although not proven , that the confidential source of this intelligence was Margaret Gage , General Gage 's New Jersey @-@ born wife , who had sympathies with the Colonial cause and a friendly relationship with Warren . 
 In the 1959 – 60 season , the NBA witnessed the debut of legendary 7 ft 1 in ( 2 @.@ 16 m ) Philadelphia Warriors center Wilt Chamberlain , who averaged a record 37 @.@ 6 points per game in his rookie year . On November 7 , 1959 , Russell 's Celtics hosted Chamberlain 's Warriors , and pundits called the matchup between the best offensive and best defensive center " The Big Collision " and " Battle of the Titans " . Both men awed onlookers with " nakedly awesome athleticism " , and while Chamberlain outscored Russell 30 to 22 , the Celtics won 115 – 106 , and the match was called a " new beginning of basketball " . The matchup between Russell and Chamberlain became one of basketball 's greatest rivalries . In that season , Russell 's Celtics won a record 59 regular season games ( including a then @-@ record tying 17 game win streak ) and met Chamberlain 's Warriors in the Eastern Division Finals . Chamberlain outscored Russell by 81 points in the series , but the Celtics walked off with a 4 – 2 series win . In the 1960 Finals , the Celtics outlasted the Hawks 4 – 3 and won their third championship in four years . Russell grabbed an NBA Finals @-@ record 40 rebounds in Game 2 , and added 22 points and 35 rebounds in the deciding Game 7 , a 122 – 103 victory for Boston . 
 The black @-@ and @-@ white film starred Rd Soekarno , Oedjang , Boen Sofiati , and Soehaena ; it also featured Ratna Djoewita , <unk> , <unk> <unk> , and Moesa . Oedjang had acted for Union since its first film , Kedok Ketawa ( The Laughing Mask ; 1940 ) , while Soekarno and Soehaena had made their debuts in Soeara Berbisa . Sofiati , a stage actress who operated her own troupe , was a newcomer to cinema . This cast was of various socio @-@ economic backgrounds , including noblemen and stage actors . Although Union stated that the film was made along realist lines and aimed at educated viewers , owing to the inclusion of stage actors – people who usually entertained lower class audiences – the Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran suggests that this was untrue . 
 After beating Razor Ramon for the WWF Intercontinental Championship in April 1994 , Diesel was in the midst of a major push . He was considered the top contender to Bret Hart 's WWF World Heavyweight Championship , and a match was booked for King of the Ring in which only Hart 's title would be on the line . The feud intensified on the May 30 , 1994 , episode of Monday Night Raw during Jerry Lawler 's interview segment , The King 's Court . During an interview with Hart , Lawler invited Diesel and his friend Shawn Michaels to confront Hart . After a verbal confrontation , Diesel performed his Jacknife Powerbomb on Hart , after which Diesel , Michaels and Lawler attacked Hart . The following week on Monday Night Raw , Bret announced that he would have a family member , whose identity would be a secret until the pay @-@ per @-@ view , in his corner to help prevent Michaels from interfering on Diesel 's behalf . 
 The Chris Candido Memorial Tag Team Tournament was a professional wrestling tag team single @-@ elimination tournament held by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) promotion in 2005 . It was held to honor the TNA wrestler Chris Candido , who died in April 2005 as a result of an injury he sustained at TNA 's Lockdown pay @-@ per @-@ view ( PPV ) event . It is the only edition held as of 2016 despite it being announced as an annual event . The competition began on August 16 , 2005 and concluded on August 16 , 2005 at the tapings of TNA 's television program TNA Impact ! . It was broadcast from the August 19 to September 9 episodes of Impact ! . It was known by various names : 2005 Chris Candido Memorial Tag Team Tournament , The Chris Candido Memorial Tag Team Tournament , and The Chris Candido Cup Tournament . 
 In 2007 , General Electric 's Chief Engineer predicted grid parity without subsidies in sunny parts of the United States by around 2015 ; other companies predicted an earlier date : the cost of solar power will be below grid parity for more than half of residential customers and 10 % of commercial customers in the OECD , as long as grid electricity prices do not decrease through 2010 . 
 In 1923 , the American scientist Robert H. Goddard became the first person to develop a rocket engine that burned liquid fuel ; the engine used gasoline for fuel and liquid oxygen as the oxidizer . Goddard successfully flew a small liquid @-@ fueled rocket 56 m at 97 km / h on March 16 , 1926 in Auburn , Massachusetts , US . 
 In the creation of Max Payne , the publisher 3D Realms " wanted to develop another strong character that would be the foundation for a new gaming franchise , much like we [ 3D Realms ] had done with Duke Nukem . " The titular character of Max Payne was originally named Max Heat , and 3D Realms spent over $ 20 @,@ 000 worldwide trademarking this name before someone at the company suggested the last name Payne , which was immediately adopted . He was modeled after Sam Lake ( Sami Järvi ) , who wrote the game 's story and script for the Finnish company Remedy Entertainment . Lake also dressed up and played this role for the graphic novel @-@ style cutscenes . For Max Payne 2 : The Fall of Max Payne , however , Lake declined the role . Due to having a much larger budget this time , the developers were able to hire professional actors , choosing Timothy Gibbs to be the new model for Max . 
 The Ju 88s arrived over the target at Kenley to find a smoke pall hanging over the target . It was impossible to begin dive @-@ bombing attacks under those conditions . Given the amount of damage to Kenley , it also seemed unnecessary to the bomber crews . As they were deciding what action to take , they were attacked . The Bf 109s led by Hannes Trautloft had a difficult job of defending the Ju 88s . After passing Biggin Hill on their way to RAF West Malling British AAA fire began targeting the formation . One Ju 88 was hit , and Trautloft gave it special protection . As he manoeuvred himself into position , the formation was jumped by Spitfires and Hurricanes . One Ju 88 was lost to 32 Squadron 's Pilot Officer Bolesław <unk> . As they attack began , the Ju 88s turned to West Malling , and began dive @-@ bombing attacks as an alternate target . 
 Amalthea radiates slightly more heat than it receives from the Sun , which is probably due to the influence of Jovian heat flux ( < 9 kelvin ) , sunlight reflected from the planet ( < 5 K ) , and charged particle bombardment ( < 2 K ) . This is a trait shared with Io , although for very different reasons . 
 The music video for Barbadian singer Rihanna 's 2011 single " We Found Love " was directed by Melina Matsoukas . It was filmed on September 26 – 28 , 2011 , in the New Lodge area of Belfast and Bangor , County Down , Northern Ireland . People driving around the location of the set informed BBC that traffic in the area was congested as drivers wanted to see the singer . The video premiered on October 19 , 2011 , and was made available to download digitally three days later on October 22 . As of June 2016 , the video has amassed over 610 million views on YouTube . 
 The iconographical features of the Matrikas have been described in Hindu scriptures such as Puranas and Agamas and the epic Mahabharata . Puranas like Varaha Purana , Agni Purana , Matsya Purana , Vishnudharmottara Purana and Devi Mahatmya , a part of Markandeya Purana as well as Agamas such as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and Rupamandana describe the Matrikas . 
 Tactics Advance also introduces five playable races : Humans , the small <unk> Moogles , the strong lizard @-@ like Bangaa , the agile rabbit @-@ like Viera , and the magically @-@ skilled Nu Mou . Certain jobs are only available to certain races . Along with the abilities obtained with experience , each race has a guardian beast called a " Totema " to represent whom and which can be summoned to whose aid when a member of that race has 10 Judge Points , that is after your clan has defeated that Totema as part of the main story line . 
 The episode featured a musical number sung by Cartman called " Not My Water Park " , in which he despairs over the number of minorities at the waterpark . He also reminisces about the park before the ride instructions were also read in Spanish . The day after " Pee " was originally broadcast , three different kinds of T @-@ shirts and hooded sweatshirts based on the episode were made available on South Park Studios , the official website of South Park . One featured Butters standing next to a puddle of urine saying , " 1 in 3 People Admit They Pee in Pools " . The second included Cartman and his quote from the episode , " Your world is cold and void of any humanity " . The third featured Stan , Cartman , Kyle and Kenny wearing bathing suits and standing in front of a Pi Pi 's Splashtown logo . 
 Composite bows were soon adopted and adapted by civilizations who came into contact with nomads , such as the Chinese , Assyrian , and Egyptian . Several composite bows were found in the tomb of Tutankhamun , who died in 1324 BCE . Composite bows ( and chariots ) are known in China from at least the Shang Dynasty ( 1700 – 1100 BCE ) . By the 4th century BCE , <unk> had ceased to have military importance , replaced by cavalry everywhere ( except in Britannia where charioteers are not recorded as using bows ) . 
 A 1997 international expedition of mainly Danish and Finnish scientists carried out a comprehensive sediment sampling program in North Star Bay . The main conclusions were : plutonium has not moved from the contaminated sediments into the surface water in the shelf sea ; the debris has been buried to a great depth in the sediment as a result of biological activity ; transfer of plutonium to benthic biota is low . Other research indicates that uranium is leaching from the contaminated particles faster than plutonium and americium . Research conducted in 2003 concluded , " Plutonium in the marine environment at Thule presents an insignificant risk to man . Most plutonium remains in the seabed under Bylot Sound far from man under relatively stable conditions and concentrations of plutonium in seawater and animals are low . However , the plutonium contamination of surface soil at <unk> could constitute a small risk to humans visiting the location if radioactive particles are resuspended in the air so that they might be inhaled . " In 2003 , 2007 and 2008 , the first samples were taken on land by the Risø National Laboratory — the findings were published in 2011 . 
 At the 2001 UK census , there were 1 @,@ 805 @,@ 315 residents of Greater Manchester aged 16 to 74 . The economic activity of these people was 40 @.@ 3 % in full @-@ time employment , 11 @.@ 3 % in part @-@ time employment , 6 @.@ 7 % self @-@ employed , 3 @.@ 5 % unemployed , 5 @.@ 1 % students without jobs , 2 @.@ 6 % students with jobs , 13 @.@ 0 % retired , 6 @.@ 1 % looking after home or family , 7 @.@ 8 % permanently sick or disabled and 3 @.@ 5 % economically inactive for other reasons . The figures follow the national trend , although the percentage of self @-@ employed people is below the national average of 8 @.@ 3 % . The proportion of unemployment in the county varies , with the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport having the lowest at 2 @.@ 0 % and Manchester the highest at 7 @.@ 9 % . In 2001 , of the 1 @,@ 093 @,@ 385 residents of Greater Manchester in employment , the industry of employment was : 18 @.@ 4 % retail and wholesale ; 16 @.@ 7 % manufacturing ; 11 @.@ 8 % property and business services ; 11 @.@ 6 % health and social work ; 8 @.@ 0 % education ; 7 @.@ 3 % transport and communications ; 6 @.@ 7 % construction ; 4 @.@ 9 % public administration and defence ; 4 @.@ 7 % hotels and restaurants ; 4 @.@ 1 % finance ; 0 @.@ 8 % electricity , gas , and water supply ; 0 @.@ 5 % agriculture ; and 4 @.@ 5 % other . This was roughly in line with national figures , except for the proportion of jobs in agriculture which is only about a third of the national average of 1 @.@ 5 % , due to the overwhelmingly urban , built @-@ up land use of Greater Manchester . 
 The Nixon family traveled to Europe in 1963 , where Nixon gave press conferences and met with leaders of the countries he visited . The family moved to New York City , where Nixon became a senior partner in the leading law firm Nixon , Mudge , Rose , Guthrie & Alexander . Nixon had pledged , when announcing his California campaign , not to run for president in 1964 ; even if he had not , he believed it would be difficult to defeat Kennedy , or after his assassination , Kennedy 's successor , Lyndon Johnson . In 1964 , he supported Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater for the Republican nomination for president ; when Goldwater was successful in gaining the nomination , Nixon was selected to introduce the candidate to the convention . Although he thought Goldwater unlikely to win , Nixon campaigned for him loyally . The election was a disaster for the Republicans ; Goldwater 's landslide loss to Johnson was matched by heavy losses for the party in Congress and among state governors . 
 According to the company , upon emergence from bankruptcy in August 1991 , Greyhound had shrunk its overall workforce to 7 @,@ 900 employees ( from 12 @,@ 000 pre @-@ bankruptcy ) , and trimmed its fleet to 2 @,@ 750 buses and 3 @,@ 600 drivers . 
 June 29 , 2006 – Signed a four @-@ year , $ 27 million contract with the Vancouver Canucks . 
 Masashi Kishimoto developed the concept of jutsu in order to explain the superhuman feats that ninja performed in the Naruto series . He intended the design for the ninja in Naruto to dispel preconceived notions about ninja popularized by other manga and to bring an original take to the presentation of ninja in manga . The use of hand seals substitutes for the incantations for magic found in other sources , and was based on the motions of ninja in various role @-@ playing games . The hand seals are based upon the characters of the Chinese zodiac , which is a longstanding tradition in Japan , and Kishimoto used them specifically to draw upon that tradition . 
 As a consequence of Corolla 's development in the 1980s , horses on Currituck Banks came into contact with humans more frequently . By 1989 , eleven Bankers had been killed by cars on the newly constructed Highway 12 . That same year , the Corolla Wild Horse Fund , a nonprofit organization , was created to protect the horses from human interference . As a result of its efforts , the remainder of the herd was moved to a more remote part of Currituck Banks , where they were fenced into 1 @,@ 800 acres ( 7 @.@ 28 km2 ; 2 @.@ 81 sq mi ) of combined federal and privately donated land . Corolla commissioners declared the site a horse sanctuary . The population is now managed by adopting out yearlings , both fillies and gelded colts . Conflicts over the preservation of the horses continued into 2012 . In 2013 , legislation was introduced to help preserve the herd on Currituck . 
 The devastating impact of this last war , added to the cumulative effects of a century of almost continuous conflict , left both empires crippled . When Kavadh II died only months after coming to the throne , Persia was plunged into several years of dynastic turmoil and civil war . The Sassanids were further weakened by economic decline , heavy taxation from Khosrau II 's campaigns , religious unrest , and the increasing power of the provincial landholders . The Roman Empire was also severely affected , with its financial reserves exhausted by the war and the Balkans now largely in the hands of the Slavs . Additionally , Anatolia was devastated by repeated Persian invasions ; the Empire 's hold on its recently regained territories in the Caucasus , Syria , Mesopotamia , Palestine and Egypt was loosened by many years of Persian occupation . 
 The mantled guereza has a distinctive pelage , it is mostly black , with long white fringes of silky hair — known as a mantle or ornamentation — along the sides of its body and tail . The bands that make up the mantle start at the shoulders and extend along the back until they connect at the lower torso . The tail is long and ends in a white tuft which varies in how much it covers the tail . These features vary in color among subspecies , for example the tail of C. g. guereza is gray until the white tail tuft which covers half of its length , while the tail tuft of C. g. caudatus makes up 80 % of the tail . The mantle color ranges from white to cream or yellow . Its face is framed by white hair and it has bushy cheek hairs . The thigh has a white stripe . 
 Mount Kenya is home to several good ice routes , the two most famous being the Diamond Couloir and the Ice Window route . Snow and ice levels on the mountain have been retreating at an accelerated rate in recent years , making these climbs increasingly difficult and dangerous . The Diamond Couloir , a steep ice <unk> fed by the fusion of the upper Diamond Glacier and pioneered in 1975 by Yvon Chouinard and Michael Covington , was once climbable in summer or winter but now is virtually <unk> in summer conditions and is seldom deemed in climbable condition even in winter . Last climbing reports describe the route very difficult , especially in the lower section . The route has changed into a modern ice climb with a very difficult 60m first pitch , starting with 8m of overhanging M7 dry tooling , followed by 50m of USA Grade V ice and by others 6 pitches of moderate climbing on good ice and finally one pitch of water ice USA Grade IV + ice at the headwall before getting to the Upper Diamond Glacier . 
 Orville E. Babcock , Private Secretary – ( Black Friday – 1869 ) ( Whiskey Ring – 1875 ) ( Safe Burglary Conspiracy – 1876 ) ( Acquitted in Saint Louis Whiskey Ring trials by jury due to Grant 's defense testimony in his favor . ) 
 The long , spiral horns curve backward , then forward . Found only on males , the horns range from 55 to 99 cm ( 22 to 39 in ) in length . To some extent , the length of the horns is related to the bull 's age . A rudimentary horn in the form of a bone lump may be found on the skulls of females . 
 Władysław the Elbow @-@ high and his son Casimir the Great were the last two rulers of the Piast dynasty in the unified Kingdom of Poland of the 14th century . Their rule was not a return to the Polish state as it existed before the period of fragmentation , because of the loss of internal cohesion and territorial integrity . The regional Piast princes remained strong and for economic and cultural reasons some of them gravitated toward Poland 's neighbors . The Kingdom lost Pomerania and Silesia , the most highly developed and economically important of the original ethnically Polish lands ( a disputable designation in case of Slavic Western Pomerania ) , which left half of the Polish population outside the Kingdom 's borders . The western losses had to do with the failure of the unification efforts undertaken by the Silesian Piast dukes and the German expansion processes . These included the Piast principalities developing ( or falling into ) dependencies in respect to the German political structures , settler colonization and gradual Germanization of the Polish ruling circles . The lower Vistula was controlled by the Teutonic Order . Masovia was not to be fully incorporated into the Polish state anytime soon . Casimir stabilized the western and northern borders , tried to regain some of the lost territories , and partially compensated the losses by his new eastern expansion , which placed within his kingdom regions that were East Slavic , and thus ethnically non @-@ Polish . 
 During the Australian season of 1947 – 48 , which preceded the tour of England , Morris played in the first four Tests against the touring Indians , scoring 45 and an unbeaten 100 in the Third Test victory in Melbourne . He was omitted for the Fifth Test because the selectors wanted to trial other candidates for the 1948 tour of England . Morris ended the series with 209 runs at a batting average of 52 @.@ 25 , making him the third highest scorer as Australia won 4 – 0 . During the series , he had opened with both Bill Brown , the veteran who had been a mainstay of Australian teams of the 1930s , and New South Wales teammate Sid Barnes . The Australian selectors chose Brown for the first two Tests against the Indians , but he struggled and made only 18 and 11 — Australia batted once in both Tests — and was then dropped for Barnes , who made only 12 and 15 in the Third Test . Retained for the Fourth Test , Barnes made 112 in an Australian victory . Morris — whose place was secure — was rested for the Fifth Test to give Brown another chance to show that he was worthy of selection . Barnes made 33 while Brown made 99 run out as Australia completed a 4 – 0 series win . In the end , all three were selected for the England tour . As specialist opening batsmen , the trio were competing for the two opening positions in Bradman 's first @-@ choice team . 
 <unk> on the walls of the blood vessels perform first @-@ stage filtration of soluble wastes into the main coelom 's fluid . Two metanephridia , each with a funnel @-@ like intake , filter the fluid a second time , returning any useful products to the coelom and dumping the remaining wastes through a pair of nephridiopores beside the anus . 
 A representative from the Weyland @-@ Yutani Corporation , sent to investigate LV @-@ 426 . 
 In early 1916 , Bojić reached the Greek island of Corfu , where he was recruited to work for Serbian military intelligence . That summer , he was transferred to Thessaloniki , where he continued working for the military . In August , he was granted leave and sailed to France , where he reunited with his fiancée and his brother . Bojić returned to Greece several weeks later , and was diagnosed with tuberculosis in September the following year . Owing to the political connections of his patrons , he managed to find care at an exclusive military hospital in Thessaloniki , but by late October his condition worsened . He died in early November at the age of 25 . He was initially buried at the Allied military cemetery at <unk> , but in 1922 , his siblings had his remains relocated to Belgrade , where they were reburied beside those of his parents . 
 About 1 @,@ 000 pages of text were translated . They estimated the theoretical freelance cost of the translation at $ 30 @,@ 000 . Young described Tomato as a perfectionist , and said that he kept the translation team small so as not to bog down progress , though he did request group input for aspects such as pun translation , where more input was seen to be helpful . Some decisions made during translation included the choice to translate a character named <unk> ( similar to the Japanese word for " greed " ) to Fassad ( similar to the English word " facade " ) , and the choice to convert mice characters who used a Japanese dialect to use a thick cockney English dialect . 
 The first difficulty was in rounding up enough members and contributors so the work could go forward . The average homosexual , I found , was ignorant concerning himself . Others were fearful . Still others were frantic or depraved . Some were blasé . Many homosexuals told me that their search for forbidden fruit was the real spice of life . With this argument , they rejected our aims . We wondered how we could accomplish anything with such resistance from our own people . 
 Gravity received critical acclaim . Critics praised the acting , direction , cinematography , visual effects , and use of 3D . Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes records 96 % positive reviews based on 306 critics , and an average score of 9 / 10 . The site 's consensus states : " Alfonso Cuarón 's Gravity is an eerie , tense sci @-@ fi thriller that 's masterfully directed and visually stunning . " On Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 based on reviews from critics , the film has a score of 96 based on 49 reviews , indicating " universal acclaim " , making it the second @-@ highest scoring widely released film of its year . In CinemaScore polls conducted during the opening weekend , cinema audiences gave Gravity an average grade of A- on an A + to F scale . 
 West , alongside his mother , founded the " Kanye West Foundation " in Chicago in 2003 , tasked with a mission to battle dropout and illiteracy rates , while partnering with community organizations to provide underprivileged youth access to music education . In 2007 , the West and the Foundation partnered with Strong American Schools as part of their " Ed in ' 08 " campaign . As spokesman for the campaign , West appeared in a series of PSAs for the organization , and hosted an inaugural benefit concert in August of that year . 
 One of the first and most important naturalists to be convinced by Origin of the reality of evolution was the British anatomist Thomas Henry Huxley . Huxley recognized that unlike the earlier transmutational ideas of Jean @-@ Baptiste Lamarck and Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation , Darwin 's theory provided a mechanism for evolution without supernatural involvement , even if Huxley himself was not completely convinced that natural selection was the key evolutionary mechanism . Huxley would make advocacy of evolution a cornerstone of the program of the X Club to reform and professionalise science by displacing natural theology with naturalism and to end the domination of British natural science by the clergy . By the early 1870s in English @-@ speaking countries , thanks partly to these efforts , evolution had become the mainstream scientific explanation for the origin of species . In his campaign for public and scientific acceptance of Darwin 's theory , Huxley made extensive use of new evidence for evolution from paleontology . This included evidence that birds had evolved from reptiles , including the discovery of Archaeopteryx in Europe , and a number of fossils of primitive birds with teeth found in North America . Another important line of evidence was the finding of fossils that helped trace the evolution of the horse from its small five @-@ toed ancestors . However , acceptance of evolution among scientists in non @-@ English speaking nations such as France , and the countries of southern Europe and Latin America was slower . An exception to this was Germany , where both August Weismann and Ernst Haeckel championed this idea : Haeckel used evolution to challenge the established tradition of metaphysical idealism in German biology , much as Huxley used it to challenge natural theology in Britain . Haeckel and other German scientists would take the lead in launching an ambitious programme to reconstruct the evolutionary history of life based on morphology and embryology . 
 Histology has also allowed the age of other specimens to be determined . Growth curves can be developed when the ages of different specimens are plotted on a graph along with their mass . A Tyrannosaurus rex growth curve is S @-@ shaped , with juveniles remaining under 1 @,@ 800 kg ( 4 @,@ 000 lb ) until approximately 14 years of age , when body size began to increase dramatically . During this rapid growth phase , a young Tyrannosaurus rex would gain an average of 600 kg ( 1 @,@ 300 lb ) a year for the next four years . At 18 years of age , the curve plateaus again , indicating that growth slowed dramatically . For example , only 600 kg ( 1 @,@ 300 lb ) separated the 28 @-@ year @-@ old Sue from a 22 @-@ year @-@ old Canadian specimen ( RTMP 81 @.@ 12 @.@ 1 ) . A 2004 histological study performed by different workers corroborates these results , finding that rapid growth began to slow at around 16 years of age . Another study corroborated the latter study 's results but found the growth rate to be much faster , finding it to be around 1800 kilograms ( 4000 lbs ) . Although these results were much higher than previous estimations , the authors noted that these results significantly lowered the great difference between its actual growth rate and the one which would be expected of an animal of its size . The sudden change in growth rate at the end of the growth spurt may indicate physical maturity , a hypothesis which is supported by the discovery of medullary tissue in the femur of a 16 to 20 @-@ year @-@ old Tyrannosaurus rex from Montana ( MOR 1125 , also known as B @-@ rex ) . Medullary tissue is found only in female birds during ovulation , indicating that B @-@ rex was of reproductive age . Further study indicates an age of 18 for this specimen . In 2016 , it was finally confirmed by Mary Higby Schweitzer and Lindsay <unk> et al that the soft tissue within the femur of MOR 1125 was medullary tissue . This also confirmed the identity of the specimen as a female . The discovery of medullary bone tissue within Tyrannosaurus may prove valuable in determining the sex of other dinosaur species in future examinations , as the chemical makeup of medullary tissue is unmistakable . Other tyrannosaurids exhibit extremely similar growth curves , although with lower growth rates corresponding to their lower adult sizes . 
 Anthony Winterbourne connects Huginn and Muninn to the Norse concepts of the <unk> — a concept with three characteristics ; shape @-@ shifting abilities , good fortune , and the guardian spirit — and the hamingja — the ghostly double of a person that may appear in the form of an animal . Winterbourne states that " The shaman 's journey through the different parts of the cosmos is symbolized by the hamingja concept of the shape @-@ shifting soul , and gains another symbolic dimension for the Norse soul in the account of <unk> 's ravens , Huginn and Muninn . " In response to Simek 's criticism of attempts to interpret the ravens " philosophically " , Winterbourne says that " such speculations [ ... ] simply strengthen the conceptual significance made plausible by other features of the mythology " and that the names Huginn and Muninn " demand more explanation than is usually provided . " 
 Shooting by trained marksmen is considered to be the most practical method of control due to its effectiveness . The NSW Department of Primary Industries believe shooting is the preferred method of population control as it does not subject the horses to the stresses of mustering , <unk> , and long @-@ distance transportation , all of which are related to ' capture and removal ' methods . Horses that are only initially wounded from shooting are tracked and dispatched if they are in accessible , open country . However , shooting of horses in mountain ranges is not regarded as a humane means of control . Helicopter shootings allow for aerial reconnaissance of a large area to target the densest populations , and shooters may get close enough to the target animals to ensure termination . This method is considered the most effective and cost efficient means of control , but disapproval is high amongst those that believe it is inhumane . Organizations supporting Brumbies argue that aerial shooting is unnecessary and that alternative population control methods have not been given adequate trials , while government officials express concern about the need to control rapidly growing populations in order to avoid ecological problems associated with too many feral horses in certain areas . 
 " Bees in the Mango Bloom " 
 The title of Gospel of Matthew in Asomtavruli " Curly " decorative form . 
 Film critic Peter Travers of Rolling Stone wrote that the film " runs on pure emotion " , and that it " celebrates the mysterious power of a music that can make you feel like dancing and bring you to your knees . " Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times wrote that the film 's " story is as old as the movies , but The Mambo Kings is so filled with energy , passion and heedless vitality that it seems new , anyway . " Ebert and his colleague , Gene Siskel , gave the film a " Two Thumbs Up " rating on their syndicated television program , Siskel and Ebert and the Movies . Rita Kempley of The Washington Post praised the film 's director , writing that " Glimcher shows an <unk> 's taste in his choice of both cast and crew . The look of " The Mambo Kings " is doubtless richer than the text , which is , however , strengthened by Glimcher 's nostalgia for the teenage , eager America of the 1950s . " Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly wrote , " The Mambo Kings is most fun when it practically dares you to swoon . It 's a movie you don 't have to believe to enjoy . " Betty Goodwin of the Los Angeles Times praised the film 's visual style : " The innocence of the pre @-@ MTV ' 50s mambo scene is expressed through meticulously real details and honest styling . " 
 Saturn ( 9 @.@ 5 AU ) , distinguished by its extensive ring system , has several similarities to Jupiter , such as its atmospheric composition and magnetosphere . Although Saturn has 60 % of Jupiter 's volume , it is less than a third as massive , at 95 Earth masses . Saturn is the only planet of the Solar System that is less dense than water . The rings of Saturn are made up of small ice and rock particles . Saturn has 62 confirmed satellites composed largely of ice . Two of these , Titan and Enceladus , show signs of geological activity . Titan , the second @-@ largest moon in the Solar System , is larger than Mercury and the only satellite in the Solar System with a substantial atmosphere . 
 In the late 19th century a building called " Manor House " was built on the site of the old Tanyard farm , for the purpose of the owner 's retirement . In 2006 a timber @-@ framed barn built around 1701 – originally belonging to the Tanyard Farm and later converted to stables for Manor House – was torn down due to lack of funds to maintain the building . The Grade II listed building – known as " Manor House Stables " – was the last timber @-@ framed building in Hale Barns . 
 Inside Out received 15 Best Picture , 21 Best Original Screenplay and 40 Best Animated Feature nominations from over 50 different organizations and associations . It won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay at the 88th Academy Awards held in 2016 . It received ten out of fourteen Annie Awards at the 43rd Annie Awards , including Outstanding Achievement in Directing in an Animated Feature Production for Docter , Outstanding Achievement in Voice Acting in an Animated Feature Production for Smith and Best Animated Feature . The American Film Institute selected Inside Out as one of the Top Ten Films of the year . 
 Batman : Anarky is a 1999 trade paperback published by DC Comics . The book collects prominent appearances of Anarky , a comic book character created by Alan Grant and Norm Breyfogle . Although all of the collected stories were written by Alan Grant , various artists contributed to individual stories . Dual introductions were written by the creators — both of whom introduce the character and give insight into their role in Anarky 's creation and development . 
 BBC 's Andrew Harding said that there was no massive change in the elections compared to previous years and Voice of America said that the increase in representation for opposition parties will provide " great political entertainment " . 
 Solomon Creek is located at the edge of the ridge and valley geographic province , in the Anthracite Valley section . There is a ridge in the creek 's watershed called the Wilkes @-@ Barre Mountain . On the ridge , the Mauch Chunk Formation exists , with red shale , sandstone , and siltstone . Other significant rock formations in the watershed include the Pocono Formation with olive and gray rocks and the Spechty Kopf formation . Under the Spechty Kopf formation lie rocks of the Catskill Formation . The watershed is located in the Wyoming Coal Basin , the southwestern sub @-@ basin of the Northern Anthracite Coal Field . The creek 's headwaters have glacial deposition from the <unk> glacial period . At the headwaters of the tributary Spring Creek , there is a rock formation of light gray conglomerate called Prospect Rock . It is 1 @,@ 394 feet ( 425 m ) above sea level and 2 @.@ 25 miles ( 3 @.@ 62 km ) southeast of Wilkes @-@ Barre 's Public Square . 
 The score by Brad Fiedel was commercially released as the Terminator 2 : Judgment Day ( Original Motion Picture Soundtrack ) CD and cassette tape and contained twenty tracks with a runtime of 53 minutes . The score spent six weeks on the Billboard 200 , reaching a peak of No. 70 . The album was re @-@ issued in 2010 by Silva Screen Records and featured a collectable booklet 
 SCSFLS afflicts 5 out of every 100 @,@ 000 people . On average , the condition is developed at the age of 42 , and women are twice as likely as men to develop the condition . Some people with SCSFLS chronically leak cerebrospinal fluid despite repeated attempts at patching , leading to long @-@ term disability due to pain . SCSFLS was first described by German neurologist Georg <unk> in 1938 and by American physician Henry Woltman of the Mayo Clinic in the 1950s . 
 Despite the appeal to sympathy , loss is the predominant theme of Maurice : parents lose their child ; a mother yearns for a child to the point that she steals one ; and " Maurice " loses his sense of identity . The overarching themes of the story are Romantic , according to Tomalin : " the vulnerability of childhood , and of parenthood ; displacement , loss , pain , death and rehabilitation ; delight in the natural world ; and the power of time both to heal and to destroy " . 
 The following season Wallwork played in 31 out of 38 Premier League games , but was unable to prevent Albion 's relegation to the Championship . He nevertheless signed a new two @-@ year deal with the club in August 2006 . He remained a regular in the side during the early part of the 2006 – 07 season , but following the appointment of Bryan Robson 's successor Tony Mowbray in October , Wallwork played just once more for the club . Mowbray described Wallwork as " a very good professional " , but preferred a number of other midfielders ahead of him when selecting the team , moving Jonathan Greening from a wide position into the central midfield holding role previously occupied by Wallwork . In order to continue playing first @-@ team football , Wallwork joined Barnsley on loan on 22 November 2006 ; the loan spell was due to last until 1 January 2007 , though West Bromwich Albion had a recall option after 28 days . 
 Early on June 12 , the FMS reported that Keli had peaked as a Category 3 severe tropical cyclone , with 10 @-@ minute sustained windspeeds of 150 km / h ( 90 mph ) . During that day the system started to weaken and came to within 65 km ( 40 mi ) of making a second landfall on Niulakita , before it accelerated south @-@ eastwards as it interacted with the Westerlies . The NPMOC also reported during that day that Keli had peaked with 1 @-@ minute sustained wind speeds of 215 km / h ( 130 mph ) , which made it equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir @-@ Simpson hurricane wind scale . During June 13 , the system continued to move south @-@ eastwards and passed about 50 km ( 30 mi ) to the southeast of Mata @-@ Utu in the island nation of Wallis and Futuna . Later that day Keli started to transition into an extratropical cyclone , during the following day the system passed within 200 km ( 125 mi ) of Apia , Samoa . During June 15 , the FMS reported that Keli had weakened into a tropical depression , while the NPMOC reported that it had degenerated into an extratropical cyclone . The system was subsequently last noted during June 17 , while it was located about 2 @,@ 140 km ( 1 @,@ 330 mi ) to the southeast of Adamstown in the Pitcairn Islands . 
 After the Meuse @-@ Argonne Offensive started on 26 September and the Allies began to drive back the German lines , plans were made to evacuate Flanders and dismantle the naval facilities at Bruges , Zeebrugge , and Ostende . All the vessels that were seaworthy were ordered to depart Flanders for Germany on 1 October ; those unable to make the journey under their own power were to be destroyed . UB @-@ 10 was one of four U @-@ boats left behind . On 5 October , a maintenance crew scuttled UB @-@ 10 off the Zeebrugge Mole at position 51 ° 21 ′ N 3 ° 12 ′ E. 
 Shortly after Survivor Series Diesel was named the top contender to Backlund 's title . Backlund 's first defense of his title was made at a Madison Square Garden live show three days after Survivor Series , where Diesel defeated him with the Jackknife Powerbomb in eight seconds . With the victory , Diesel joined Hart and Pedro Morales as the only wrestlers to that point to be Triple Crown Champion and became the quickest to do so having won all three components within the span of seven months . 
 In October 2005 , Tweedy announced that the band was nearly finished recording their second Loose Fur album . The album , Born Again in the USA , was the first album to consist mostly of O 'Rourke lyrics since Insignificance . Unlike their first album , Loose Fur did not tour to support the album . In contrast to their eponymous debut , Born Again in the USA was heavier with more harmonized guitar parts . Both of their albums were received favorably by critics . Tweedy performed " The Ruling Class " and " Laminated Cat " on a solo performance DVD in 2005 . Glenn Kotche is still the drummer for Wilco , and Jim O 'Rourke is a regular collaborator with the band ; both performed on A Ghost Is Born and Sky Blue Sky . In a 2012 interview , drummer Glenn Kotche confirmed that while there are no definite dates selected to record a followup to Born Again In The USA , the three band members do plan on recording again . 
 Volk was cut by the Broncos in August 1976 and signed by the Miami Dolphins two weeks later . He did not play for the Dolphins in 1976 and was signed mid @-@ season by the New York Giants . Volk played in 8 games for the Giants in 1976 and tallied 2 interceptions and a fumble recovery . Volk was cut by the Giants in early September 1977 , shortly before the start of the regular season . Volk recalled the disappointment at being cut by the Giants at age 32 : " I felt I should have been in New York , but they went with younger people . I was very disappointed , especially to get cut at the end of training camp . I 'd done all the hard training and was ready for the season – the fun time . " He returned to his home in Baltimore and worked during the fall as a manufacturer 's representative . 
 The town was an industrial centre based on coal mining and glass manufacture , which have now been replaced by service industries . The surrounding North Somerset Levels has wildlife habitats including the Tickenham , Nailsea and Kenn Moors biological Site of Special Scientific Interest and <unk> Pool / Backwell Lake Local Nature Reserve . Nailsea is close to the M5 motorway and Bristol Airport , and its railway station , Nailsea and Backwell , has services operated by First Great Western . 
 A personal dive computer is a small computer designed to be worn by a diver during a dive , with a pressure sensor and an electronic timer mounted in a waterproof and pressure resistant housing which has been programmed to model the inert gas loading of the diver 's tissues in real time during a dive . A display allows the diver to see critical data during the dive , including the maximum and current depth , duration of the dive , and decompression data including the remaining no decompression limit calculated in real time for the diver throughout the dive . The dive computer keeps track of residual gas loading for each tissue used in the algorithm . Dive computers also provide a measure of safety for divers who accidentally dive a different profile to that originally planned . Most dive computers will provide the necessary decompression information for acceptably safe ascent in the event that the no @-@ decompression limits are exceeded . The use of computers to manage recreational dive decompression is becoming the standard and their use is also common in occupational scientific diving . Their value in surface supplied commercial diving is more restricted , but they can usefully serve as a dive profile recorder . 
 Sunny Stories was renamed Enid Blyton 's Sunny Stories in January 1937 , and served as a vehicle for the serialisation of Blyton 's books . Her first Naughty Amelia Jane story , about an anti @-@ heroine based on a doll owned by her daughter Gillian , was published in the magazine . Blyton stopped contributing in 1952 , and it closed down the following year , shortly before the appearance of the new fortnightly Enid Blyton Magazine written entirely by Blyton . The first edition appeared on 18 March 1953 , and the magazine ran until September 1959 . 
 One check over a magistrate 's power was collegiality ( <unk> ) , which required that each magisterial office be held concurrently by at least two people . For example , two consuls always served together . The check on the magistrate 's power of Coercion was Provocatio , which was an early form of due process ( habeas corpus ) . Any Roman citizen had the absolute right to appeal any ruling by a magistrate to a plebeian tribune . In this case , the citizen would cry " <unk> ad <unk> " , which required the magistrate to wait for a tribune to intervene , and make a ruling . Sometimes , the case was brought before the College of tribunes , and sometimes before the Plebeian Council ( popular assembly ) . Since no tribune could retain his powers outside of the city of Rome , the power of Coercion here was absolute . An additional check over a magistrate 's power was that of Provincia , which required a division of responsibilities . 
 Jean Warboys ( Doreen Mantle ) – Mrs Warboys is a friend of Margaret ( and a rather annoying one in Victor 's eyes ) who attached herself to the Meldrews , accompanying them on many of their exploits . In the early series she was married to ( never seen ) Chris , but eventually he left her for the private detective she had hired when she suspected him of having an affair , and they divorced . 
 In 2013 , Ritvo ran Mucho Macho Man in assorted races in the eastern U.S. , then moved him to Santa Anita Park in early September , almost two months before the Breeders ' Cup races , because she felt he " thrived " in California . She entered him in the late September Awesome Again Stakes , where he earned his first Grade I win and free entry fees for the Breeders ' Cup Classic . At the Classic in early November , going off as the second favorite , the horse won by a nose . With the win , Ritvo became the first woman trainer to win the Breeders ' Cup Classic , and was also only the fifth woman trainer to win any Breeders ' Cup race . Ritvo 's fellow trainers in the race included Americans D. Wayne Lukas , Todd Pletcher , Bill Mott , and Bob Baffert , as well as Irish trainer Aidan O 'Brien . In response to a reporter 's question about how it felt to beat several major trainers , she said , " It feels great , " but also credited the team behind the horse , and added , " I ’ m just blessed to be here . ” 
 Budden dismisses the view that Lauretta 's aria , at the midpoint of the opera , was a concession to popular taste ; rather , " its position at the turning point of the action is precisely calculated to provide a welcome moment of lyrical repose " . Andrew Davis , in his book on Puccini 's late style , notes that Lauretta 's aria , and the two interruptions by the young lovers ( " Addio , speranza bella " ) as Schicchi mulls over the will , constitute interruptions in the Romantic style , delivered during a lengthy sequence of non @-@ Romantic music . Another interruption , both dramatically and musically , is that provided by the appearance of Doctor Spinelloccio . The doctor 's dissonant harmonies contrast sharply with the scena music for Schicchi and symbolise Spinelloccio 's place as an outsider to the dramatic action of the opera . 
 Moses has appeared on magazine covers , television , and in a documentary of her life . She wrote her autobiography , won numerous awards and was awarded two honorary doctoral degrees . 
 Rhetoric Playroom ( 17 – 18 ) 
 The player 's discovery of the Flood in Halo : Combat Evolved is a major plot twist , and was one of the surprises reviewers noted positively upon release . The Flood 's return in Halo 2 and Halo 3 was less enthusiastically praised . Reaction to the Flood has varied over the years ; while some found the Flood too derivative and a cliché element of science fiction , some others ranked them among the greatest villains of all time . 
 Bowie was born in Brixton , south London . His mother , Margaret Mary " Peggy " ( née Burns ; 1913 – 2001 ) , who although born in Kent was of Irish descent , worked as a waitress , while his father , Haywood Stenton " John " Jones ( 1912 – 1969 ) , from Yorkshire , was a promotions officer for the children 's charity Barnardo 's . The family lived at 40 Stansfield Road , near the border of the south London areas of Brixton and Stockwell . Bowie attended Stockwell Infants School until he was six years old , acquiring a reputation as a gifted and single @-@ minded child — and a defiant brawler . 
 Isaac Hayes – keyboards , piano 
 In The Observer , Hilary Spurling called the book " a scathing indictment of the British bread industry " and also " a history of virtually every development since Stone Age crops and querns " . Spurling rejoiced in the range of David 's recipes : " It contains directions for baking anything from the common cob and Coburg to Peggy @-@ tub or <unk> bread , Sussex Plum Heavies , Scotch bun and Selkirk <unk> , not forgetting splits , <unk> , muffins , crumpets , <unk> and <unk> . " The Times said , " This is probably Mrs. David 's most academic work yet . However , not one ounce of the familiar charm , good sense , asperity ( reserved for modern commercial white bread ) , clarity or warmth is missing . " 
 Prior to being released as a single , " Who Really Cares " received a mixed response by reviewers when commenting on Dream Days at the Hotel Existence . Melbourne based webzine <unk> reviewer Andrew Weaver comments on the song 's musical layering , coupling the song with " Wishing on the Same Moon " and comments that the layering in the two songs gives the music " genuine depth of sound and taking the veteran group to new places " . CitySearch Sydney also made reference to the likeness to " Wishing on the Same Moon " , but notes that what sets the two songs apart is " a serviceable fade @-@ out cacophony of keys and guitar " . Music journalist Chris Leonard of UK magazine Rock Louder praises the live performance of the song while Powderfinger performed in Glasgow on 11 December 2007 . J. Watson of <unk> comments that the song , when performed live at The Sydney Opera House Forecourt for charity on 31 October 2007 , was " another highlight of the evening " . Fellow reviewer from <unk> , <unk> , comments on the song 's " sparse Pink Floyd @-@ esque sound which echoes through " Who Really Cares " , as clever a rock ballad as the band have ever written . " Andrew <unk> of Mess + Noise echoed the comments of similarities to Pink Floyd , and also Neil Young , stating " where psych @-@ gospel organ and wailing guitar billow around Fanning ’ s vocals like a lost track from Dark Side of the Moon " . Though most of the critical response has been positive , the song has also received criticism from UK reviewer Matthias Scherer of Noize Makes Enemies . Scherer notes that the song 's title " Who Really Cares " is a question that " should have been asked before recording , not during " , though this comment refers both to the song itself , and the whole album of Dream Days at the Hotel Existence . 
 Following this duty , the ship sailed for Hawaii , where she was used as a prop in the movie Mister Roberts . The ship returned to San Diego in November . Remaining in the area for four months , Philippine Sea conducted several training operations off the California coast . She then began her fifth cruise of the Far East on 1 April 1955 en route to Yokosuka . She operated in waters of Japan , Okinawa , and Taiwan for most of 1955 , with Air Task Group 2 consisting of VF @-@ 123 , VF @-@ 143 and VA @-@ 55 , VF @-@ 123 flying the F9F @-@ 2 Panther jet fighter @-@ bomber , VF @-@ 143 flying the Grumman F9F @-@ 6 Cougar jet fighter , and VA @-@ 55 flying the AD @-@ 6 Skyraider propellor attack bomber . During this time , she made trips to Hong Kong , Keelung and Formosa . On 23 November , she was redesignated as a CVS , or an anti @-@ submarine warfare carrier . Her aircraft complement was replaced with several dozen <unk> Tracker anti @-@ submarine aircraft and HSS @-@ 1 <unk> helicopters . She returned to San Diego on 23 November 1955 . Throughout 1956 she saw little activity as crew went on leave and she was docked for upkeep , and only conducted several routine training operations off the coast of southern California . In late 1956 she moved to Hawaii for more training operations . 
 The next attempt started in 2008 , when Lasseter was able to convince Chris Buck ( who co @-@ directed the 1999 film Tarzan for the studio ) to return to Walt Disney Feature Animation from Sony Pictures Animation ( where he had recently co @-@ directed the Oscar @-@ nominated 2007 film Surf 's Up ) ; that September , Buck pitched several ideas to Lasseter , one of which was The Snow Queen . Buck later revealed that his initial inspiration for The Snow Queen was not the Andersen fairy tale itself , but that he wanted " to do something different on the definition of true love . " " Disney had already done the ' kissed by a prince ' thing , so [ I ] thought it was time for something new , " he recalled . It turned out Lasseter had been interested in The Snow Queen for a long time ; back when Pixar was working with Disney on Toy Story in the 1990s , he saw and was " blown away " by some of the pre @-@ production art from Disney 's prior attempts . Development began under the title Anna and the Snow Queen , which was planned to be traditionally animated . According to Josh Gad , he first became involved with the film at that early stage , when the plot was still relatively close to the original Andersen fairy tale and Megan Mullally was going to play Elsa . By early 2010 , the project entered development hell once again , when the studio again failed to find a way to make the story and the Snow Queen character work . 
 As Marko matured , he became headstrong ; Vukašin once said that he had no control over his son , who went wherever he wanted , drank and brawled . Marko grew up into a large , strong man , with a terrifying appearance , which was also somewhat comical . He wore a wolf @-@ skin cap pulled low over his dark eyes , his black moustache was the size of a six @-@ month @-@ old lamb and his cloak was a shaggy wolf @-@ pelt . A Damascus sabre swung at his waist , and a spear was slung across his back . Marko 's <unk> weighed 66 <unk> ( 85 kilograms ( 187 lb ) ) and hung on the left side of his saddle , balanced by a well @-@ filled wineskin on the saddle 's right side . His grip was strong enough to squeeze drops of water from a piece of dry cornel wood . Marko defeated a succession of champions against overwhelming odds . 
 After losing her job , Boisselier moved with her middle child , a son , to Quebec , where her eldest daughter was a student . Boisselier began to travel to discuss Clonaid , eventually becoming a high @-@ profile speaker . Around that time , she reached the rank of Bishop within Raëlism . She was one of the 25 members closest to Raël and joined the group 's Order of Angels , which promoted free love and femininity . She moved to the United States and began teaching at State University of New York at Plattsburgh for a short time before moving to Hamilton College in 2000 to teach chemistry . Her association with Clonaid was publicized in the U.S. in February 2001 , and she resigned her academic position that May , although she had a three @-@ year contract . She was initially popular at Hamilton College , but she felt that she was disrespected after her association with Clonaid was publicized . 
 A Restoration novelty of which Wycherley took advantage was the readiness of public opinion to accept women on stage , for the first time in British history . Audiences were fascinated to see real women reverse the cross @-@ dressing of the Elizabethan boy actors and appear in tight @-@ fitting male outfits in the popular breeches roles , and to hear them match or even outdo the rake heroes in repartee and double entendre . Charles ' choice of actresses as mistresses , notably Nell Gwyn , helped keep the interest fresh , and Wycherley plays on this interest in The Country Wife by having Mr. Pinchwife disguise his wife ( the eponymous ' country wife ' ) in a boy 's outfit . It has also been suggested that he uses the allure of women on display to emphasise in an almost voyeuristic way Margery 's provocative innocence , as well as the immodest knowingness of " town " wives like Lady Fidget . 
 As of July 2014 , the frequent @-@ flyer program had 8 @,@ 000 members . 
 In August 2012 , Yao started filming a documentary about the northern white rhinoceros . He is also an ambassador for elephant conservation . Yao has filmed a number of public service announcements for elephant and rhino conservation for the " Say No " Campaign with partners African Wildlife Foundation and <unk> . 
 During the reign of King Henry I between 1100 and 1118 , his wife Queen Matilda ( or Maud ) , on hearing of the problems of crossing the river at Old Ford , directed that the road should be routed further south , and paid for two bridges , one to cross the Lee and the other to cross the Channelsea River , from her own funds . She also paid for the road to be built between them , and the location of the bridge became known as Stratford @-@ atte @-@ <unk> , later Stratford @-@ le @-@ Bow , and finally dropped Stratford to become Bow or Bow Bridge . John Leland , writing in the 1500s , gives a more fanciful account , in which the queen falling into the water prompted the action . The addition of le @-@ Bow probably had less to do with the shape of the bridge than the fact that arch was derived from arcus , meaning bow . 
 Florida still receives a thousand new residents daily and lands slated for restoration and wetland recovery are often bought and sold before the state has a chance to bid on them . The competitive pricing of real estate also drives it beyond the purchasing ability of the state . Because the State of Florida is assisting with purchasing lands and funding construction , some of the programs under CERP are vulnerable to state budget cuts . In June 2008 Governor Crist announced that the State of Florida will buy U.S. Sugar for $ 1 @.@ 7 billion . The idea came when sugar lobbyists were trying to persuade Crist to relax restriction of U.S. Sugar 's practice of pumping phosphorus @-@ laden water into the Everglades . According to one of the lobbyists who characterized it as a " duh moment " , Crist said , " If sugar is polluting the Everglades , and we 're paying to clean the Everglades , why don 't we just get rid of sugar ? " The largest producer of cane sugar in the U.S. will continue operations for six years , and when ownership transfers to Florida , 187 @,@ 000 acres ( 760 km2 ) of the Everglades will remain undeveloped to allow it to be restored to its pre @-@ drainage state . 
 On June 30 , Tōgō told <unk> Satō , Japan 's ambassador in Moscow , to try to establish " firm and lasting relations of friendship . " Satō was to discuss the status of Manchuria and " any matter the Russians would like to bring up . " Well aware of the overall situation and cognizant of their promises to the Allies , the Soviets responded with delaying tactics to encourage the Japanese without promising anything . Satō finally met with Soviet Foreign Minister Vyacheslav Molotov on July 11 , but without result . On July 12 , Tōgō directed Satō to tell the Soviets that : 
 50m butterfly 
 In the United States , the song was aimed and promoted at the Adult Contemporary and Hot AC format of radio . Warner Bros wanted to establish the song as a hit at those formats before they attempted to bring it to Top 40 CHR radio stations . However , the song reached a peak of 21 on this chart on the issue dated January 27 , 2007 . It was also used in the soundtrack of the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada and received minimal airplay on the CHR stations . 
 Bupropion is metabolized in the liver by the cytochrome P450 <unk> CYP2B6 . It has several active metabolites : R , R @-@ hydroxybupropion , S , S @-@ hydroxybupropion , <unk> @-@ hydrobupropion and <unk> @-@ hydrobupropion , which are further metabolized to inactive metabolites and eliminated through excretion into the urine . Both bupropion and its primary metabolite hydroxybupropion act in the liver as potent inhibitors of the enzyme CYP2D6 , which metabolizes not only bupropion itself but also a variety of other drugs and biologically active substances . This mechanism creates the potential for a variety of drug interactions . 
 Annual fairs have been held in Ely since the twelfth century . Saint Audrey 's ( Etheldreda 's ) seven @-@ day fair , held either side of 23 June , was first granted officially by Henry I to the abbot and convent on 10 October 1189 . At this fair , cheap necklaces , made from brightly coloured silk , were sold — these were called " tawdry lace " . " <unk> " , a corruption of " Saint Audrey " , now means " pertaining to the nature of cheap and gaudy finery " . Two other fairs , the 15 day festival of St Lambert , first granted in 1312 and the 22 day fair beginning on the Vigil of the Ascension , first granted in 1318 . The festival of St Lambert had stopped by the eighteenth century . St Etheldreda 's and the Vigil of the Ascension markets still continue , although the number of days have been considerably reduced and the dates have changed . 
 The satellite @-@ measured SST provides both a synoptic view of the ocean and a high frequency of repeat views , allowing the examination of basin @-@ wide upper ocean dynamics not possible with ships or buoys . NASA 's ( National Aeronautic and Space Administration ) Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) SST satellites have been providing global SST data since 2000 , available with a one @-@ day lag . NOAA 's GOES ( Geostationary Orbiting Earth Satellites ) satellites are geo @-@ stationary above the Western Hemisphere which enables to them to deliver SST data on an hourly basis with only a few hours of lag time . 
 The following day , the carrier Franklin was badly damaged by several bomb hits and a kamikaze . Alaska and her sister Guam , two other cruisers , and several destroyers were detached to create Task Group 58 @.@ 2 @.@ 9 to escort the crippled Franklin back to Ulithi . On the voyage back to port , another D4Y bomber attacked Franklin , though the ships were unable to shoot it down . Gunfire from one of the 5 @-@ inch guns accidentally caused flash burns on several men standing nearby ; these were the only casualties suffered by her crew during the war . Alaska then took on the role of fighter director ; using her anti @-@ air search radar she vectored fighters to intercept and destroy a Kawasaki Ki @-@ 45 heavy fighter . On 22 March , the ships reached Ulithi and Alaska was detached to rejoin TG 58 @.@ 4 . 
 Once nicknamed the " Beehive of Industry " , Providence began rebranding itself as the " Creative Capital " in 2009 to emphasize its educational resources and arts community . 
 Due to its long association with Ubico 's government , the United Fruit Company ( UFC ) was seen as an impediment to progress by Guatemalan revolutionaries after 1944 . This image was worsened by the company 's discriminatory policies towards its colored workers . Thanks to its position as the country 's largest landowner and employer , the reforms of Arévalo 's government affected the UFC more than other companies . Among other things , the labor code passed by the government allowed its workers to strike when their demands for higher wages and job security were not met . The company saw itself as being specifically targeted by the reforms , and refused to negotiate with the numerous sets of strikers , despite frequently being in violation of the new laws . The company 's labor troubles were compounded in 1952 when Jacobo Árbenz passed Decree 900 , the agrarian reform law . Of the 550 @,@ 000 acres ( 220 @,@ 000 ha ) that the company owned , 15 % were being cultivated ; the rest of the land , which was idle , came under the scope of the agrarian reform law . 
 The accolades continued into the 1980s , and the Oregon wine industry continued to add both wineries and vineyards . The state industry continued to market itself , establishing the first of several AVAs ( American Viticulture Areas ) in the state . The state also grew strong ties with the Burgundy region of France , as Oregon 's governor paid an official visit to Burgundy and a leading French winemaking family bought land in Dundee . 
 Formby returned to Britain at Christmas and appeared in Dick Whittington at the Grand Theatre , Leeds for nine weeks , and then , in February 1947 , he appeared in variety for two weeks at the London Palladium . Reviewing the show , The Times thought Formby was " more than ever the mechanized perfection of naive jollity . His smile , though fixed , is winning , and his songs ... are catchy " . In September that year he went on a 12 @-@ week tour of Australia and New Zealand . On his return he was offered more film roles , but turned them down , saying " when I look back on some of the films I 've done in the past it makes me want to cringe . I 'm afraid the days of being a clown are gone . From now on I 'm only going to do variety " . He began suffering increasing health problems including a gastric ulcer , and was treated for breathing problems from his heavy smoking . He finished the year in pantomime , appearing as Buttons in Cinderella at the Liverpool Empire Theatre , with Beryl playing <unk> . 
 In boroughs the franchise was far more varied . There were broadly six types of parliamentary boroughs , as defined by their franchise : 
 The Super Cub has been compared to the Ford Model T , Volkswagen Beetle and the Jeep as an icon of 20th century industry and transport . The C100 used a pressed steel monocoque chassis , with the horizontal engine placed below the central spine , a configuration now called the ' step through ' or ' underbone ' motorcycle . By some criteria , the type of motorcycle the Super Cub falls into is difficult to classify , landing somewhere between a scooter and a motorcycle , and sometimes it was called a moped , " step @-@ thru " , or <unk> . 
 PA 143 has a total length of 20 @.@ 039 miles ( 32 @.@ 250 km ) . In 2010 , PA 143 had an annual average daily traffic count ranging from a high of 5 @,@ 400 vehicles between PA 662 and I @-@ 78 / US 22 to a low of 1 @,@ 800 vehicles between PA 737 and PA 863 . None of PA 143 is part of the National Highway System . 
 Directed by Bruno Aveillan , the music video was filmed in mid @-@ 2008 in an abandoned hospital in Prague . It premiered on the internet on 7 January 2009 , and was officially released on television on M6 , ten days later . The music video was shot just after " <unk> " , the first single from Point de suture , as both music videos are parts of a short film named The Farmer Project . 
 Night falls , and Captain Magenta detects an unusual signal in the Cloudbase Radar Room . Rhapsody Angel is launched to investigate and finds that the readings are emanating from a spinning Mysteron spacecraft , which obliterates her interceptor in mid @-@ air . To prevent civilian casualties on the ground , Cloudbase is moved into Himalayan airspace on its horizontal thrusters , while its personnel prepare for the inevitable final confrontation . When more spacecraft appear on the radar , Captain Scarlet volunteers to challenge the Mysterons in Destiny 's place , but crash @-@ lands on the Cloudbase flight deck after his interceptor is damaged . 
 Balzac 's novel was adapted for the libretto of <unk> Klebe 's 1959 opera Die <unk> Wünsche ( The Deadly Wishes ) . 1977 – 1978 the German composer Fritz Geißler composed Das <unk> after a libretto by Günther <unk> . In 1989 – 1990 the Russian composer Yuri <unk> wrote the ballet L ’ Os de chagrin ( The <unk> Bone ) , based on Balzac 's text , which included an opera @-@ interlude of the same name . In 1992 a biographic pseudo @-@ documentary in the form of an opera @-@ film based on his opera L <unk> de Chagrin ( « <unk> <unk> » , ru ) was released . 
 Winkler , David F. " The US Navy since 1920 . " in James C. Bradford A Companion to American Military History ( 2 vol 2009 ) 1 : 399 – 410 . 
 In the 2001 census , the population was 8 @,@ 981 , comprising 4 @,@ 482 ( 49 @.@ 9 % ) males and 4 @,@ 499 ( 50 @.@ 1 % ) females ; 1 @,@ 976 ( 22 % ) residents were aged 16 or below , 5 @,@ 781 ( 64 @.@ 4 % ) between 16 and 65 , and 1 @,@ 224 ( 13 @.@ 6 % ) aged 65 or over . 
 Radcliffe was at one time home to around 60 textile mills and 15 spinning mills , along with 18 bleachworks of which the Bealey family were prominent owners . However , the textile industry was not the town 's major employer ; other industries such as mining and paper making were also important sources of employment . 
 Old Pine Church reportedly housed a school in the early 20th century while still serving as a center for worship . In 1968 , residents of the Purgitsville community raised the necessary funds to perform a restoration of the church . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 , 2012 , due to its " significant settlement @-@ era rural religious architecture in the Potomac Highlands . " 
 The infinite tetration 
 The Macmillan Way West follows the Quantocks ridge for several miles . 
 Australian ornithologist Dom <unk> visited the island in 1945 but left no published account . In 1959 , a group from the University of Western Australia 's Department of Zoology , accompanied by the English botanist Mary <unk> , travelled to the island ; a brief article on its physiography , vegetation and vertebrate fauna was published the following year by Glen Storr . More recent visitors have included P. R. Howden in 1974 , Robert Ivan Taylor Prince in 1976 , Ronald Eric Johnstone in 1981 and 1983 , Phillip Fuller in 1992 , and Judith Harvey and Vanda Longman in 1999 . 
 Cultural links with the highland areas have been noted by archaeologists . In particular , the links with the <unk> Religious Tradition have been suggested . 
 Simon Gallup – bass guitar , keyboards 
 This is the first event to have matches featured from different arenas air on the same show . This event also marked the second time the Barbed Wire Massacre match type was used by TNA . Chris Sokol of the professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer rated the event a seven and a half out of ten , higher than the six out of ten given to the 2007 event 's ranking by Chris Sokol . 
 Later , Ellison met a wrestler named Buddy Lee , whom she claims was the " love of her life . " They were eventually married , and after divorcing in 1970 after nine years of marriage , they remained friends until Lee 's death in 1999 . The divorce was attributed to Lee 's affair with Rita Cortez , one of the wrestlers the duo was training . In the early 1980s , Ellison opened Moolah 's Hideaway , a bar and grill which was operated by her daughter Mary and frequented by André the Giant . 
 ( 1 / a ) v. 
 Development continued with a more experimental ethos until the company began to run out of capital . The Canadian government loan that had funded Polytron 's prototyping phase was not renewed for their production phase . They also lost funding from the organization that preceded the Indie Fund as Polytron 's producer left the company . Fish borrowed money from friends and family for three months to keep the company open . In dire straits , he considered canceling the project . In March 2011 , the nearby Québécois developer @-@ publisher Trapdoor offered to help Polytron , having just signed a deal with Electronic Arts to publish their own game , Warp . Trapdoor assisted with Polytron 's finances and operations and offered to treat them as part of their company and let them keep their intellectual property rights in exchange for a portion of Fez 's earnings . Fish felt that partnership rescued the game . 
 Katsuragi 's keel was laid down by the Kure Naval Arsenal in Kure , Hiroshima , on 8 December 1942 . She was launched on 19 January 1944 and completed on 15 October 1944 . The ship was transferred among a number of ports on the Inland Sea until she arrived in Kure on 15 February 1945 and she was ordered to be camouflaged . Her flight deck was disguised with fake trees , houses and roads ; however , her anti @-@ aircraft batteries remained fully manned . Her intended air group , Air Group 601 , was committed to the Battle of Iwo Jima about that same time . On 19 March , the ship was attacked by aircraft from Task Force 58 and lightly damaged by several rocket hits ; one man was killed and three wounded in the attack . Five days later , the ship was semi @-@ permanently moored at the island of <unk> in Kure harbor and extensively camouflaged . On 20 April , Captain Toshio Miyazaki was appointed commanding officer of Katsuragi . 
 As a franchise @-@ led operation , KFC 's success depended on the work of the early franchisees , and Harman has been described as the " virtual co @-@ founder " of the chain by Sanders ' biographer . Harman trademarked the phrase " It 's finger lickin ' good " , which was eventually adopted as a slogan across the entire chain . In 1957 Harman bundled 14 pieces of chicken , five bread rolls and a pint of gravy into a cardboard bucket , and offered it to families as " a complete meal " for US $ 3 @.@ 50 ( around US $ 30 in 2014 ) . He first test @-@ trialled the packaging as a favor to Sanders , who had called on behalf of a Denver franchisee who did not know what to do with 500 cardboard buckets he had bought from a traveling salesman . 
 Mortal Kombat runs on a heavily modified version of the Unreal Engine 3 , similar to the engine used by its predecessor , Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe . Developers recreated the entire fighting engine so that it was restricted to a two @-@ dimensional plane of fighting , with senior producer Hans Lo stating at gamescom 2010 that the change from 3D gameplay to 2D was advantageous for Mortal Kombat , as it increased graphical detail for characters and arenas and improved gameplay speed . Another new mechanic is the inclusion of " blood physics " ( blood loss is portrayed as being more natural and being clearly visible on characters or surroundings ) . Developers stated that online gameplay for Mortal Kombat would be a main priority , declaring interest in capabilities to link the player 's progression feed to their accounts on social networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter , and recreate the feel of socializing with players in an arcade . 
 By the end of the 20th century , the intersection was handling 30 @,@ 000 drivers a day , from increasingly developed Cornwall , Newburgh and New Windsor . NYSDOT expanded the intersection with middle @-@ turn lanes and overhead signs on all approaches . Many drivers still felt it was a confusing intersection and that the confusion slowed traffic down as much as the many cars ' stopping to enter and exit nearby businesses . In 2001 state officials said they had done everything possible to improve traffic flows through the Five Corners . Continuing congestion was attributable to insufficient or nonexistent planning . 
 The Polish historian Stanisław Herbst states in the 1967 Polish Biographical Dictionary that Kościuszko may be Poland 's and the world 's most popular Pole ever . There are monuments to him around the world , beginning with the Kościuszko Mound at Kraków , erected in 1820 – 23 by men , women , and children bringing earth from the battlefields where he had fought . The Thaddeus Kosciusko Bridge , a twin bridge structure completed in 1959 which spans the Mohawk River in Albany , New York , and the Kosciuszko Bridge , built in 1939 in New York City , were named in Kosciuszko 's honor . 
 Mycena stylobates , commonly known as the bulbous bonnet , is a species of inedible mushroom in the family Mycenaceae . Found in North America and Europe , it produces small whitish to gray fruit bodies with bell @-@ shaped caps that are up to 15 mm ( 0 @.@ 6 in ) in diameter . The distinguishing characteristic of the mushroom is the fragile stipe , which is seated on a flat disk marked with distinct grooves , and fringed with a row of bristles . The mushrooms grow in small troops on leaves and other debris of deciduous and coniferous trees . The mushroom 's spores are white in deposit , smooth , and ellipsoid @-@ shaped with dimensions of 6 – 10 by 3 @.@ 5 – 4 @.@ 5 μm . In the development of the fruit body , the preliminary stipe and cap structures appear at the same time within the primordium , and hyphae originating from the stipe form a cover over the developing structures . The mycelia of the mushroom is believed to have bioluminescent properties . 
 The International Committee of the Fourth International member groups customarily describe themselves as sections of the Fourth International , and the organisation as a whole describes itself as the " leadership of the Fourth International " . However , the ICFI presents itself as the political continuity of the Fourth International and Trotskyism , not as the FI itself . It clearly dates its creation as 1953 , rather than from 1938 . 
 Russell is one of only seven players in history to win an NCAA Championship , an NBA Championship , and an Olympic Gold Medal . He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame . He was selected into the NBA 25th Anniversary Team in 1971 and the NBA 35th Anniversary Team in 1980 , and named as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History in 1996 , one of only four players to receive all three honors . In 2007 , he was enshrined in the FIBA Hall of Fame . In 2009 , the NBA announced that the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player trophy would be named the Bill Russell NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award in honor of Russell . 
 The entire Simpson family was designed to be easily recognized in silhouette . The family was crudely drawn , because Groening had submitted basic sketches to the animators , assuming they would clean them up ; instead , they just traced over his drawings . Lisa 's physical features are generally unique . In some early episodes , minor background characters occasionally had a similar hairline . However , in the later seasons , no character other than Maggie shares her hairline . While designing Lisa , Groening " couldn 't be bothered to even think about girls ' hair styles " . At the time , Groening was primarily drawing in black and white ; when designing Lisa and Maggie , he " just gave them this kind of spiky starfish hair style , not thinking that they would eventually be drawn in color " . 
 Absorption filters dissipate the energy in unwanted frequencies internally as heat . This is in contrast to a conventional filter design where the unwanted frequencies are reflected back from the input port of the filter . Such filters are used where it is undesirable for power to be sent back towards the source . This is the case with high power transmitters where returning power can be high enough to damage the transmitter . An absorption filter may be used to remove transmitter spurious emissions such as harmonics or spurious sidebands . A design that has been in use for some time has slots cut in the walls of the feed waveguide at regular intervals . This design is known as a leaky @-@ wave filter . Each slot is connected to a smaller gauge waveguide which is too small to support propagation of frequencies in the wanted band . Thus those frequencies are unaffected by the filter . Higher frequencies in the unwanted band , however , readily propagate along the side guides which are terminated with a matched load where the power is absorbed . These loads are usually a wedge shaped piece of microwave absorbent material . Another , more compact , design of absorption filter uses resonators with a lossy dielectric . 
 Meanwhile , news of the fate of HMS Hermione reached Admiral Sir Hyde Parker when HMS Diligence captured a Spanish schooner . Parker wrote to the governor of La Guaira , demanding the return of the ship and the surrender of the mutineers . Meanwhile he despatched HMS Magicienne under Captain Henry Ricketts to commence negotiations . He also set up a system of informers and posted rewards that eventually led to the capture of 33 of the mutineers , some of whom were tried aboard HMS York , and at least one aboard HMS Gladiator . Of these , 24 were hanged and <unk> , one was transported , and eight were acquitted or pardoned . To Parker 's fury , Admiral Richard Rodney Bligh had issued pardons to several mutineers . Acting against regulations Parker forced Bligh to resign his command and return to Britain in the summer of 1799 . 
 Yoko Ono ( 小野 <unk> , Ono Yōko , born February 18 , 1933 ) is a Japanese multimedia artist , singer , songwriter , and peace activist who is also known for her work in performance art , music , and filmmaking . She is the widow and second wife of singer @-@ songwriter John Lennon . 
 The poster was seen very little during World War II . It was rediscovered in the early 1980s and widely reproduced in many forms , often called " We Can Do It ! " but also called " Rosie the Riveter " after the iconic figure of a strong female war production worker . The " We Can Do It ! " image was used to promote feminism and other political issues beginning in the 1980s . The image made the cover of the Smithsonian magazine in 1994 and was fashioned into a US first @-@ class mail stamp in 1999 . It was incorporated in 2008 into campaign materials for several American politicians , and was reworked by an artist in 2010 to celebrate the first woman becoming prime minister of Australia . The poster is one of the ten most @-@ requested images at the National Archives and Records Administration . 
 T. l. <unk> ( Stevenson , 1973 ) – Dog Island in Northwestern Florida . 
 Yubaba is stylistically unique within the bathhouse , wearing Western dress and living among European décor and furnishings , in contrast with the minimalist Japanese style of her employee 's quarters , representing the Western capitalist influence over Japan in its Meiji period and beyond . The <unk> design of the abandoned theme park is the setting for Chihiro 's parents ' transformation , the father reassuring Chihiro that he has " credit cards and cash " , before their morphing into literal consumerist pigs . 
 Irruputuncu 's rocks consist of <unk> and dacite @-@ containing hornblende and pyroxene . The El Pozo ignimbrite is pumice @-@ rich and has a composition between trachyandesite and <unk> . Minerals amphibole , biotite , hornblende , quartz and plagioclase comprise the rocks . The Irruputuncu I lava flows are composed of trachyandesitic with biotite and plagioclase , while the <unk> are composed of andesite and trachyandesite . The block @-@ and @-@ ash flows and Crater lavas consist of solely trachyandesitic . Overall , these rocks belong to the potassium @-@ rich calc @-@ alkaline series typical of CVZ volcanoes . The magmas are formed by plagioclase and clinopyroxene crystallization with some mixing . Irruputuncu 's rocks show minor evidence of crustal contamination , similar to other CVZ volcanoes located within transition zones . 
 Three years later , Stone followed Kelley ’ s example . In 1843 , a deacon of her church was recommended for expulsion because of certain antislavery activities , including giving countenance to Abby Kelley ’ s anti @-@ church views by driving her to lectures and entertaining her at his home . When the first vote was taken , Stone raised her hand in his defense . The minister discounted her vote , saying that , though she was a member of the church , she was not a voting member . Like Kelly , she stubbornly raised her hand for each of the remaining five votes . 
 The Tang had three departments ( Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : <unk> ) , which were obliged to draft , review , and implement policies respectively . There were also six ministries ( Chinese : 部 ; pinyin : bù ) under the administrations that implemented policy , each of which was assigned different tasks . These Three Departments and Six Ministries included the personnel administration , finance , rites , military , justice , and public works — an administrative model which would last until the fall of the Qing dynasty ( 1644 – 1912 ) . 
 Therefore , A is conserved for inverse @-@ square central forces 
 Maine 's main armored belt was 11 inches ( 279 mm ) thick over the magazines and the machinery spaces and 8 inches ( 203 mm ) elsewhere . The main battery gun turrets had 12 @-@ inch ( 300 mm ) thick faces , and the supporting barbettes had the same thickness of armor plating on their exposed sides . Armor that was 6 in thick protected the secondary battery . The conning tower had 10 @-@ inch ( 250 mm ) thick sides . 
 To some extent , the difficulties both Gebhard and Ernst faced in winning the war were the same the Spanish had in subduing the Dutch Revolt . The <unk> of the Spanish and Dutch war — 80 years of bitter fighting interrupted by periodic truces while both sides gathered resources — lay in the kind of war it was : Enemies lived in fortified towns defended by Italian @-@ style bastions , which meant the towns had to be taken and then fortified and maintained . For both Gebhard and Ernst , as for the Spanish commanders in the nearby Lowlands , winning the war meant not only mobilizing enough men to encircle a seemingly endless cycle of enemy artillery fortresses , but also maintaining the army one had and defending all one 's own possessions as they were acquired . The Cologne War , similar to the Dutch Revolt in that respect , was also a war of sieges , not of assembled armies facing one another on the field of battle , nor of maneuver , feint , and parry that characterized wars two centuries earlier and later . These wars required men who could operate the machinery of war , which meant extensive economic resources for soldiers to build and operate the siege works , and a political and military will to keep the machinery of war operating . The Spanish faced another problem , distance , which gave them a distinct interest in intervening in the Cologne affair . 
 Campaign Trail – Exhibit on the presidential campaign of 1960 and New Frontier , featuring 1960 Democratic National Convention memorabilia , and a replica of a Kennedy campaign office . 
 Snake Eater 's theme song won the " Best Original Vocal Song - Pop " from the Game Audio Network Guild at the Game Developers Conference in August 2005 , while the game itself won the award for " Best PS2 Game " at 2005 's Game Convention in Germany . David Hayter , voice of Snake , was nominated for the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences award for " Outstanding Achievement in Character Performance . " 
 The bay duiker is similar to several other duikers . The red duiker can not be readily distinguished from the bay duiker . Though Ogilby 's duiker resembles the bay duiker in size and pelage colour , the ventral side is paler and the dorsal stripe starts from the shoulders instead of the back of the head . Additionally , the body posture and horn characteristics of the two species differ to a large extent . The bay duiker as well as the Ogilby 's duiker are remarkably similar to the black duiker , except for the pelage colouration . The dorsal stripe of Peters 's duiker also begins at the shoulders but widens to cover the whole of the rump , as does the fainter stripe on the white @-@ bellied duiker . The bay duiker can be easily told apart from the black @-@ fronted duiker and <unk> 's duiker , that lack stripes . 
 John Dryden 's masque King Arthur is still performed , largely thanks to Henry Purcell 's music , though seldom unabridged . 
 A lack of quill knobs does not necessarily mean that a dinosaur did not have feathers . Finding quill knobs on Velociraptor , though , means that it definitely had feathers . This is something we 'd long suspected , but no one had been able to prove . 
 To a certain extent , this belief by Guevara of a metaphorical resurrection came true . While pictures of the dead Guevara were being circulated and the circumstances of his death were being debated , Che 's legend began to spread . Demonstrations in protest against his " assassination " occurred throughout the world , and articles , tributes , and poems were written about his life and death . Rallies in support of Guevara were held from " Mexico to Santiago , Algiers to Angola , and Cairo to Calcutta . " The population of Budapest and Prague lit candles to honor Guevara 's passing ; and the picture of a smiling Che appeared in London and Paris . When a few months later riots broke out in Berlin , France , and Chicago , and the unrest spread to the American college campuses , young men and women wore Che Guevara T @-@ shirts and carried his pictures during their protest marches . In the view of military historian Erik <unk> : " In those heady months of 1968 , Che Guevara was not dead . He was very much alive . " 
 Half @-@ Life 2 : Episode Two is a first @-@ person shooter video game , the second episode in a series of sequels to the 2004 Half @-@ Life 2 . It was developed by Valve Corporation in tandem with Episode One , the first game in the series , and released in 2007 via Valve 's Steam content distribution platform . The episode was released both separately and as a part of a bundled package , The Orange Box . 
 Railway traffic throughout the state was paralyzed , as some train bridges collapsed , and extensive damage was found in the track ballast in multiple rail lines . Kansas City Southern Railway reported it expected a net loss of five cents per share on its annual earnings due to the stoppage affecting its Mexican subsidiary . The company later reported a drop of $ 33 million ( 2010 USD ) in revenue due to hurricane damage . The damage to the railway infrastructure caused automotive part shortages throughout North America . General Motors was forced to cancel shifts at plants in Michigan , Missouri and Kansas . Ford also idled production in its Oakville , Ontario assembly plant , and suffered two @-@ week delays in U.S. deliveries of its Fiesta model due to the rail track damage . The damage to the road system paralyzed a route used by 40 % of the trade between the United States and Mexico , as 22 @,@ 000 trucks were stalled after damage to the Nuevo Laredo – Monterrey highway . 
 The twinning between supporters of the clubs Napoli and Genoa football club is one of the oldest in Italian football which started back on 16 May 1982 following a 2 – 2 draw in Naples between the two teams on the final day of the 1981 – 1982 Serie A season , a result that allowed the escape of Genoa from relegation and condemned AC Milan for the second time to relegation from Serie A to Serie B in its history . The history and friendship got even stronger for both teams when on the last day of the season in Serie B in the 2006 – 2007 season when both teams finished with a 0 – 0 draw at Genoa , ensuring both teams promotion to Serie A. Genoa ultras could be seen holding up banners saying " Benvenuto <unk> <unk> " , meaning " Welcome , Neapolitan brother " . The historic partnership between the two groups of supporters was also honoured and supported by marketing initiatives . 
 The album 's cover art and track listing were released on July 8 , 2008 . Slipknot began its All Hope Is Gone World Tour the following day — the tour was their first since 2005 . The band initially toured with the Mayhem Festival across the United States , through August 16 , 2008 . Afterward , Slipknot was scheduled to appear at the Reading and Leeds Festivals in England , the Two Days a Week Festival in Austria , and the <unk> Festival in Germany . However , the European tour dates were canceled due to Jordison breaking his ankle . Slipknot performed at the Rock on the Range Festival on May 16 and 17 , 2009 then headlined the Download Festival in England during the summer , the first time they had headlined the festival . 
 State Route 103 ( SR @-@ 103 ) is a 0 @.@ 225 @-@ mile @-@ long ( 362 m ) urban minor arterial state highway in the U.S. state of Utah . It branches off from SR @-@ 126 ( Main Street ) in downtown Clearfield and extends east to Interstate 15 ( I @-@ 15 ) , terminating at the entrance to the Falcon Hill National Aerospace Research Park , just outside Hill Air Force Base . The entire route is located in Davis County and was formed in 1965 coinciding with the construction of I @-@ 15 . The route has been mostly unchanged since its formation , except for the moniker of the highway and the route number of its western terminus . 
 The early part of the decade saw the rise of major international fighting game tournaments such as Tougeki – Super Battle Opera and Evolution Championship Series , and famous players such as Daigo Umehara . Several more fighting game crossovers were released in the new millennium . The two most prolific developers of 2D fighting games , Capcom and SNK , combined intellectual property to produce SNK vs. Capcom games . SNK released the first game of this type , SNK vs. Capcom : The Match of the Millennium , for its Neo Geo Pocket Color handheld at the end of 1999 . GameSpot regarded the game as " perhaps the most highly anticipated fighter ever " and called it the best fighting game ever to be released for a handheld console . Capcom released Capcom vs. SNK : Millennium Fight 2000 for arcades and the Dreamcast in 2000 , followed by sequels in subsequent years . Though none matched the critical success of the handheld version , Capcom vs. SNK 2 EO was noted as the first game of the genre to successfully utilize internet competition . Other crossovers from 2008 included Tatsunoko vs. Capcom and Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe . The most successful crossover , however , was Super Smash Bros. Brawl , also released in 2008 for the Wii . Featuring characters from Nintendo 's various franchises , the game was a runaway commercial success in addition to being lavished with critical praise . 
 Doctors were able to catch the disease early on before it spread , unlike the case of baseball and American football player Bo Jackson . As a result , in April , doctors announced an extremely successful surgery . Jackson spoke out about Emery , speculating that they were the only two athletes to come back after the disease . Jackson added , " I take my hat off [ to him ] . I want him to know I am in his corner . It 's a lot of hard work . To come back and play , it takes a very , very special and driven person . He 's got a different makeup to want to do all the little things he needs to compete on a professional level . " Unlike Jackson , who required numerous hip replacements , Emery had the benefit of advancements in modern medicine , undergoing a very specialized and complex procedure that involved removing 13 centimetres from his right fibula , and then grafting it to the femur to re @-@ introduce a proper blood supply to the area . Holmgren said that while the surgery went better than expected , he did not know exactly how long Emery 's recovery would take . 
 The two then follow a small path through the woods until they come to a house with a stake fence around it . The house is described as beautiful , featuring carvings filled with gold and silver . They enter the house with a few men , and find that it is lit from glass windows in the ceiling , so that the daylight illuminates the room and there are no shadows to be seen due to this . There were depictions of many gods there and a woman who is described as well dressed near the door . 
 Mark Giordano was born in Toronto , Ontario on October 3 , 1983 . His father , Paul , is a real estate agent and his mother , Anna , a hairdresser . Giordano has an older sister , Michelle , and had another older sister , Mia , who was killed in a car accident when he was 14 . He taps his helmet twice with his stick at the end of the national anthems before each game as a quiet tribute to his sister , whose death had a lasting impact on Giordano and his family and brought them closer together . 
 Iron Cross of 1914 , 1st and 2nd class 
 In the second episode , the Vorticon mothership has locked its " X @-@ 14 Tantalus Ray cannons " on eight of Earth 's landmarks , and Keen journeys to the ship to find and deactivate each of the cannons . Keen does so , fighting more varied enemies and hazards , and a Vorticon at each cannon 's control . At the end of the episode he discovers that the Vorticons are being mind @-@ controlled by the mysterious Grand Intellect , who is actually behind the attack on Earth . In the third episode , Keen journeys to the Vorticon homeworld of Vorticon VI to find the Grand Intellect . He travels through Vorticon cities and outposts to gain access to the Grand Intellect 's lair , fighting mostly against the Vorticons themselves . Upon reaching the lair he discovers that the Grand Intellect is actually his school rival Mortimer <unk> , whose IQ is " a single point higher " than Keen 's . Keen defeats Mortimer and his " <unk> Machine " , and frees the Vorticons ; the Vorticon king and " the other Vorticons you haven 't slaughtered " then award him a medal for saving them . 
 The debut exhibit of the treasure ran from 19 February 2011 to 31 July 2011 at the <unk> Museum in Singapore . The display was put on with the collaboration of the Smithsonian Institution , The Freer Gallery of Art , the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery , the Singapore Tourism Board , and the National Heritage Board of Singapore . The exhibition was then scheduled to travel the world for approximately five years , to venues which include museums of major importance throughout Asia , Australia , Europe , the Middle East , and the United States . But later on September 2011 , it was announced by the Singapore Tourism Board that the artifacts will go on permanent display at the Maritime Experiential Museum & Aquarium . 
 Bruce has been married since February 1983 to Janet ( née Smith ) , who is also from the Hexham area , and went to the same school as Bruce . The couple have two children , Alex ( born 1984 ) and Amy ( born 1987 ) . Alex is also a footballer , and was signed by his father for Hull City in July 2012 . He had previously played under his father 's management at Birmingham City , but left the club in 2006 , in part due to accusations of nepotism levelled at his father . Amy was linked romantically with Aston Villa player Lee Hendrie in tabloid newspaper stories in 2004 , which provoked an angry response from her father , who described the reports as " lies " , and claimed that journalists had gone so far as to contact his doctor and examine his household waste in an attempt to uncover gossip . In September 2004 , Bruce was involved in an altercation outside his home with two men who were attempting to steal his daughter 's car . The affray left him with facial injuries but did not prevent him from travelling to a Premier League match the same day . After the incident one newspaper attempted to connect it with the allegations concerning Hendrie , leading Bruce to contemplate legal action . 
 3 . Hoskins , following O. G. S. Crawford 's 1953 Archaeology in the Field , stressed we had to read the landscape using research to reveal its cultural value . 
 An argument then broke out between Tyler and some of the royal servants . The Mayor of London , William Walworth , stepped forward to intervene , Tyler made some motion towards the King , and the royal soldiers leapt in . Either Walworth or Richard ordered Tyler to be arrested , Tyler attempted to attack the Mayor , and Walworth responded by stabbing Tyler . Ralph Standish , a royal squire , then repeatedly stabbed Tyler with his sword , mortally injuring him . 
 The change from full motion video to computer generated characters in End of Ages was well received . Macworld stated that the change was initially jarring , but ultimately helped increase the realism of the game . IGN 's Juan Castro said that the characters felt more real than the full motion video actors of previous games ; one reason , the reviewer stated , was because the actors spoke their lines with real conviction . Gamezone credited each character 's individualized body language as contributing to their realism . Gamespot stated that Esher moved and acted like a real person , and that the voice of David Ogden Stiers brought " this interesting character to life " ; the reviewer did feel that the revelation of Esher and Yeesha 's motivations was a letdown , as the character 's true motivations were revealed " with all the unpleasant abruptness of turning on bright , fluorescent lights in a dark room . " Dissenting reviewers such as 1UP.com and G4tv considered the character 's monologues " hyper emotional " , although reviewer Karen Chu admitted the characters still presented a compelling morality play . 
 James Roach – second engineering 
 Commodore John Barry - Father of the American Navy 
 Justinian 's habit of choosing efficient , but unpopular advisers nearly cost him his throne early in his reign . In January 532 , partisans of the chariot racing factions in Constantinople , normally divided among themselves , united against Justinian in a revolt that has become known as the Nika riots . They forced him to dismiss Tribonian and two of his other ministers , and then attempted to overthrow Justinian himself and replace him with the senator Hypatius , who was a nephew of the late emperor Anastasius . While the crowd was rioting in the streets , Justinian considered fleeing the capital , but eventually decided to stay , apparently on the prompting of Theodora , who refused to leave . In the next two days , he ordered the brutal suppression of the riots by his generals Belisarius and Mundus . Procopius relates that 30 @,@ 000 unarmed civilians were killed in the Hippodrome . On Theodora 's insistence , and apparently against his own judgment , Justinian had Anastasius ' nephews executed . 
 The Cure are an English rock band formed in Crawley , West Sussex , in 1976 . The band has experienced several line @-@ up changes , with vocalist , guitarist and principal songwriter Robert Smith being the only constant member . The Cure first began releasing music in the late 1970s with their debut album Three Imaginary Boys ; this , along with several early singles , placed the band as part of the post @-@ punk and new wave movements that had sprung up in the wake of the punk rock revolution in the United Kingdom . During the early 1980s , the band 's increasingly dark and tormented music was a staple of the emerging gothic rock genre . 
 While on tour , the xx acclimated themselves to the increased attention and became considerably more sociable and confident . As Sim recounted , " If you 'd have put me onstage at London 's Shepherd 's Bush Empire a few years ago , I 'd have run away . I couldn 't have done it . We used to be terrified . " In June , the band played the Glastonbury Festival in Somerset and , according to journalist Jude Rogers , displayed a newfound confidence through the rest of their summer and " post @-@ Mercury [ Prize ] autumn " concerts : " Croft would sing more boldly , Sim developed an onstage swagger and Smith began experimenting with different rhythms and textures . " 
 In contexts where the fifty @-@ move rule may be ignored , tablebases have answered longstanding questions about whether certain combinations of material are wins or draws . The following interesting results have emerged : 
 21 . Infantry Regiment <unk> ( 2 companies ) 
 The tour ended with two non @-@ first @-@ class matches against Scotland . In the first match , McCool came in with Australia 4 / 91 and put on 109 with Arthur Morris to consolidate the innings . When McCool was out for 52 and Morris for 109 , the Australians collapsed and lost 6 / 36 to end with 236 . McCool took 1 / 19 and 1 / 20 as Australia enforced the follow on and completed an innings victory . In the second match , McCool took 3 / 31 as the hosts made 178 after batting first . He opened the innings with the bat and made 108 in three hours , with 13 fours . Australia declared at 6 / 407 and McCool took 0 / 19 in seven overs as Australia wrapped up the tour with another innings victory . 
 [ Event " rated bughouse match " ] 
 Fossett and co @-@ pilot Einar Enevoldson flew a glider into the stratosphere on August 29 , 2006 . The flight set the Absolute Altitude Record for gliders at 15 @,@ 460 metres ( 50 @,@ 720 ft ) . Since the glider cockpit was unpressurized , the pilots wore full pressure suits ( similar to space suits ) so that they would be able to fly to altitudes above 45 @,@ 000 feet ( 14 @,@ 000 m ) . Fossett and Enevoldson had made previous attempts in three countries over a period of five years before finally succeeding with this record flight . This endeavor is known as the <unk> Project . 
 Flight feathers are also used by some species in visual displays . Male standard @-@ winged and pennant @-@ winged nightjars have modified P2 primaries ( using the descendant numbering scheme explained above ) which are displayed during their courtship rituals . In the standard @-@ winged nightjar , this modified primary consists of an extremely long shaft with a small " pennant " ( actually a large web of barbules ) at the tip . In the pennant @-@ winged nightjar , the P2 primary is an extremely long ( but otherwise normal ) feather , while P3 , P4 and P5 are successively shorter ; the overall effect is a broadly forked wingtip with a very long plume beyond the lower half of the fork . 
 By the start of July 1944 , Commonwealth forces in Southeast Asia had repelled the Japanese sieges in Assam , pushing the Japanese back to the Chindwin River while the Chinese captured Myitkyina . In China , the Japanese had more successes , having finally captured Changsha in mid @-@ June and the city of Hengyang by early August . Soon after , they invaded the province of Guangxi , winning major engagements against Chinese forces at Guilin and Liuzhou by the end of November and successfully linking up their forces in China and Indochina by mid @-@ December . 
 Preckwinkle had been an occasional critic of Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley . In her first four terms in office she emerged as the council 's prominent defender of affordable housing . Among other issues , she is known for her sponsorship of living wage ordinances , her expressed concerns regarding the costs and benefits of the city 's Olympic bid , and her strong stance against police brutality and excessive force . 
 Length : 6 @.@ 8 m ( 22 ft 4 in ) 
 The Motor Party ( Lt. Evans , Day , Lashly and Hooper ) started from Cape Evans on 24 October with two motor sledges , their objective being to haul loads to latitude 80 ° 30 ' S and wait there for the others . By 1 November both motor sledges had failed after little more than 50 miles ( 80 km ) of travel , so the party man @-@ hauled 740 pounds ( 336 kg ) of supplies for the remaining 150 miles ( 240 km ) reaching their assigned latitude two weeks later . Scott 's main party , which had left Cape Evans on 1 November with the dogs and ponies , caught up with them on 21 November . 
 There are several reasons for the reluctance of some dealers to sell plug @-@ in electric vehicles . PEVs do not offer car dealers the same profits as gasoline @-@ powered car . Plug @-@ in electric vehicles take more time to sell because of the explaining required , which hurts overall sales and sales people commissions . Electric vehicles also may require less maintenance , resulting in loss of service revenue , and thus undermining the biggest source of dealer profits , their service departments . According to the National Automobile Dealers Association ( <unk> ) , dealers on average make three times as much profit from service as they do from new car sales . However , a <unk> spokesman said there was not sufficient data to prove that electric cars would require less maintenance . According to the New York Times , BMW and Nissan are among the companies whose dealers tend to be more enthusiastic and informed , but only about 10 % of dealers are knowledgeable on the new technology . 
 TV Guide 's 2005 book TV Guide : The Ultimate Resource to Television Programs on DVD highlighted " Mork Goes Erk " as one of three " Classic Episodes " of the first season , including " Mork 's First Christmas " , and " Mork 's Mixed Emotions " . Matthew Tobey of Allmovie wrote that the episode was most notable because of David Letterman 's appearance before he became more well known . Donald Liebenson of Amazon.com also cited David Letterman 's performance as : " an abusive EST @-@ like guru " as one of the more memorable parts of the Season One DVD boxed set , but thought that the highlight of the season was the episode " Mork 's Mixed Emotions . " The Dallas Morning News also praised Letterman 's performance as a " shady motivational speaker , " commenting that the episode was a way for Letterman to hone his " smarminess " before his later work on Late Show with David Letterman . Jonathan Boudreaux of <unk> described Letterman as " a <unk> EST @-@ like guru , " and called the episode itself " disjointed . " 
 " It Only Hurts When I 'm Breathing " ( Red Version ) – 3 : 19 
 When deciding upon Kakashi 's name , Kishimoto considered a number of possibilities : Kuwa ( <unk> , " hoe " ) , Kama ( <unk> , " scythe " ) , <unk> ( <unk> , " peony " ) , <unk> ( <unk> , a nettle tree ) , and Kakashi ( <unk> , " scarecrow " ) . He eventually decided upon Kakashi , and remains glad that he did to this day . In keeping with the meaning of his name , scarecrows are occasionally used to represent Kakashi ; Naruto , for example , uses a scarecrow that is dressed like Kakashi to help him train for a combat test between the two . Likewise , scarecrows are at times added to the background of scenes in which Kakashi appears , as is the case with the cover of the Naruto manga volume three . 
 The building has 2 @,@ 600 @,@ 000 square feet ( 240 @,@ 000 m2 ) of floor space , rises to 98 stories , and houses 486 luxury residential condominiums . These include studio apartments , a mixture of suites with one to four bedrooms , and five @-@ bedroom penthouses . The tower also features a luxury hotel condominium with 339 guest rooms . The building includes , from the ground up , retail space , a parking garage , a hotel , and condominiums . The 3rd through 12th floors house lobbies , retail space , and the parking garage ; the 14th floor and its mezzanine hosts a health club and spa . The 17th floor through the 27th @-@ floor mezzanine contain hotel condominiums and executive lounges . The 28th through 85th floors have residential condominiums , and the 86th through 89th floors have penthouses . A 1 @.@ 2 @-@ acre ( 0 @.@ 49 ha ) riverfront park and riverwalk , along a 500 @-@ foot ( 150 m ) space in the area adjacent to the building to the east , was opened in the first half of 2010 . The park facilitates public assembly and entertainment activity while linking the building effectively with aquatic commuters . 
 Commemoration to Soweto . AFRI @-@ COBRA , 1980 , United Nations Headquarters . 
 The Glazers ' shareholding increased gradually to 76 @.@ 2 % by 23 May , when they made their final offer of 300 pence per share , with a deadline of 3 p.m. on 13 June . On 26 May , the Manchester United board wrote to the remaining shareholders indicating their intention to sell their own shares and advising the others to follow suit ; in the same letter , chairman Sir Roy Gardner and non @-@ executive directors Ian Much and Jim O 'Neill offered their resignations . Despite the board 's encouragement , the Glazers ' share in the club had only reached 97 @.@ 3 % by 14 June , short of the 97 @.@ 6 % threshold required for a compulsory buyout of all remaining shareholders , prompting them to extend the deadline on their offer to purchase the remaining shares until 27 June . A statement released on 28 June said that Red Football 's shareholding had reached 98 % ( 259 @,@ 950 @,@ 194 shares ) , prompting a squeeze out of the remaining shareholders . The final valuation of the club was almost £ 790 million ( approximately $ 1 @.@ 5 billion at the exchange rate at the time ) . 
 All I Get Is Sympathy ( circa 1906 ) by Irving Berlin 
 The Third Street Bridge is the major crossing of the creek , carrying T Third Street light rail line and Third Street . It is a bascule @-@ type drawbridge . The Port of San Francisco extended Illinois Street across Islais Creek in 2006 to relieve traffic for Third Street . This crossing also uses a bascule bridge . 
 Perl poetry is the practice of writing poems that can be compiled as legal Perl code , for example the piece known as Black Perl . Perl poetry is made possible by the large number of English words that are used in the Perl language . New poems are regularly submitted to the community at <unk> . 
 Three Spanish @-@ language Charlie Chan films were made in the 1930s and 1950s . The first , Eran Trece ( There Were Thirteen ) ( 1931 ) , is a Spanish @-@ language version of Charlie Chan Carries On ( 1931 ) . The two films were made concurrently and followed the same production schedule , with each scene filmed twice the same day , once in English and then in Spanish . The film followed essentially the same script as the <unk> version , with minor additions such as brief songs and skits and some changes to characters ' names ( for example , the character Elmer Benbow was renamed Frank Benbow ) . A Cuban production , La Serpiente Roja ( The Red Snake ) , followed in 1937 . In 1955 , Producciones Cub @-@ Mex produced a Mexican version of Charlie Chan called El <unk> en la Sombra ( Monster in the Shadow ) , starring Orlando Rodriguez as " Chan Li Po " ( Charlie Chan in the original script ) . The film was inspired by La Serpiente Roja as well as the American Warner Oland films . 
 " Taken together , " Reinhardt concluded , " the regulations and the preamble may be reasonably read to provide notice that vessels that engage in at @-@ sea transfers of fins , are prohibited from landing shark fins in a U.S. port , but they do not provide notice that such vessels are prohibited from possessing fins for the purpose of making a delivery to a foreign port . " He also noted that the preamble had language stating it was not the NMFS 's intent to interfere with international trade . " Under the circumstances , a reasonable person would not have fair notice that the activities of the KD II would render it a fishing vessel under [ the statute ] . As a result , we hold that the district court 's application of the possession prohibition of the SFPA to the KD II as a fishing vessel ... violated due process . " 
 Fallout 3 composer Inon Zur composed the score for the game . The game features three major in @-@ game radio stations , spanning several genres of music in the radio waves : <unk> , popular music from the 1940s and 1950s , jazz and classical . Each station has a set tracklist which repeats randomly . Music from the first two Fallout games , composed by Mark Morgan , is used in the game as well . 
 Fothergill began his career as a club professional in the north east of England . He joined Somerset as one of their first professionals in 1880 , but was forced to miss most of 1881 while he qualified for the county . He was the most productive bowler for the county in their first two years of first @-@ class cricket , but the emergence of E. W. Bastard , and later Ted Tyler and Sammy Woods , limited his opportunities with the club . He joined the ground staff at Lord 's Cricket Ground in 1882 , and played for the MCC until 1892 , also appearing at Lord 's for representative sides . 
 Early in his career , Peart 's performance style was deeply rooted in hard rock . He drew most of his inspiration from drummers such as Keith Moon and John Bonham , players who were at the forefront of the British hard rock scene . As time passed , he began to emulate jazz and big band musicians Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich . In 1994 , Peart became a friend and pupil of jazz instructor Freddie Gruber . It was during this time that Peart decided to revamp his playing style by incorporating jazz and swing components . Gruber was also responsible for introducing him to the products of Drum Workshop , the company whose products Peart currently endorses . 
 Last updated : Croatia vs. Portugal , 25 June 2016 . Statistics include official FIFA @-@ recognised matches only . 
 The Boston Globe 's Renée Graham wrote of the artists ' ambivalence towards the term in a 2003 article on neo soul 's standing , " Despite its critical success , if neo @-@ soul had an initial failing , it was the media @-@ created label itself – a term that the artists , whom it was meant to represent , generally rejected " . In a 2003 interview , music publicist John Constanza said that " The neo @-@ soul movement is still there , but it 's been underground , and it 's trying to get the attention of the mainstream again " . Mark Edward Nero of About.com stated , " In general , neo @-@ soul has remained almost exclusive to R & B outlets such as urban radio and Black Entertainment Television [ ... ] the majority of neo @-@ soul artists have yet to crossover to mainstream American music listeners , partially because the music 's sound generally focuses on artist expression , rather than popular appeal " . 
 Darlington reached the quarter @-@ finals of the 1968 League Cup ; drawn away to Brian Clough 's Derby County , they took the lead , only to lose 5 – 4 . During the 1970s the club had to apply for re @-@ election to the League five times , and by 1982 they were facing a financial crisis which they survived thanks to fundraising efforts in the town . Three years later they won promotion by finishing third in the league under manager Cyril Knowles . Darlington spent two seasons in the Third Division ; the 13th @-@ place finish in 1986 was the highest position they achieved in the Football League since the introduction of the four @-@ division structure in 1958 , but they were relegated the following season . 
 A few days after the murder , a former medical student named Edgar Power contacted the police , showing them a letter that he claimed had been written by the murderer . It read " If you would save my life come here at once to 4 Tideswell Road . Ask for Seymour . Bring some cash with you . Very Urgent . " Power told the police that the letter had been written by a friend of his called John Williams , who he claimed had visited Sztaray 's house to burgle it before killing the policeman and fleeing . Williams then met with his girlfriend Florence Seymour and explained what had happened . The two decided to bury the gun on the beach and send a letter to Williams ' brother asking for money to return to London , which was then given to Powers . 
 At the heart of the Octavia Hill system was the weekly visit to collect rent . From the outset , Hill conceived this as a job for women only . She and her assistants , including Emma Cons combined the weekly rent collection with checking every detail of the premises and getting to know the tenants personally , acting as early social workers . At first Hill believed , " Voluntary workers are a necessity . They are better than paid workers , and can be had in sufficient numbers . " Later , she found it expedient to maintain a paid workforce . Her system required a large staff . Rent was collected on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday mornings . Rent accounts were balanced in the afternoons and arrangements were made with contractors for repairs . On Thursdays and Fridays arrears were pursued , contractors ' invoices paid , new tenancy lettings and tenants ' moves organised . 
 The British resumed the series of air attacks almost immediately after repairs were completed . On 3 April , the Royal Navy launched Operation Tungsten , during which 40 fighters and 40 Barracuda bombers from six carriers attacked the ship . They scored 15 direct hits and two near misses , which caused heavy damage , killed 122 men , and wounded 316 more . The Royal Navy attempted to repeat the attack three weeks later on the 24th , but had to call the operation off due to inclement weather . Operation Brawn , another carrier @-@ launched attack , followed on 15 May , but again weather interfered . Another carrier strike was attempted on 28 May , but it too was cancelled due to poor weather conditions . Operation Mascot , which was to be conducted by Victorious , Furious , and Indefatigable on 17 July , was frustrated by the heavy smokescreen over the battleship . 
 Following the loss of Tordesillas , the comuneros regrouped in Valladolid . The Junta reconvened on December 15 , but with only eleven cities represented , down from a height of fourteen . Soria and Guadalajara 's representatives did not return , and Burgos had left earlier . Valladolid would be the third capital of the rebels , after Ávila and Tordesillas . 
 Five former Maryland players were selected in the 2009 NFL Draft , which tied North Carolina for the most of any Atlantic Coast Conference team . Wide receiver Darrius Heyward @-@ Bey , who ran the fastest 40 @-@ yard dash time at the combine of 4 @.@ 30 seconds , was selected by the Oakland Raiders as the seventh overall pick , far higher than most analysts had anticipated . Cornerback Kevin Barnes , who had scored the highest grade on the intelligence test at the combine , was selected in the third round by the Washington Redskins . Linebacker Moise Fokou , guard Jaimie Thomas , and tight end Dan Gronkowski were all selected in the seventh round . 
 Marrakesh is served by <unk> International Airport and the Marrakesh railway station , which connects the city to Casablanca and northern Morocco . Marrakesh has several universities and schools , including Cadi Ayyad University . A number of Moroccan football clubs are located here , including Najm de Marrakech , KAC Marrakech , <unk> de Marrakech and Chez Ali Club de Marrakech . The Marrakesh Street Circuit hosts the World Touring Car Championship , Auto GP and FIA Formula Two Championship races . 
 The series centers on FBI special agents Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) and her new partner John Doggett ( Robert Patrick ) — following the alien abduction of her former partner , Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) — who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X @-@ Files . In this episode , a lawyer friend of Doggett 's named Martin Wells tries to clear his name of the crime after his wife is murdered . Unfortunately for him , his perception of time regresses backwards , day by day . This leads to confusion , but ultimately an answer as to who killed Wells ' wife . 
 Not one of the marchers even raised an arm to fend off the blows . They went down like ten @-@ pins . From where I stood I heard the sickening whacks of the clubs on unprotected skulls . The waiting crowd of watchers groaned and sucked in their breaths in sympathetic pain at every blow . Those struck down fell sprawling , unconscious or writhing in pain with fractured skulls or broken shoulders . In two or three minutes the ground was quilted with bodies . Great patches of blood widened on their white clothes . The survivors without breaking ranks silently and doggedly marched on until struck down .... Finally the police became enraged by the non @-@ resistance .... They commenced savagely kicking the seated men in the abdomen and testicles . The injured men writhed and squealed in agony , which seemed to inflame the fury of the police .... The police then began dragging the sitting men by the arms or feet , sometimes for a hundred yards , and throwing them into ditches . 
 Robert Kišerlovski of Astana took the maximum points on offer for the climb , to help protect the lead of the classification , held by team @-@ mate Fredrik Kessiakoff . Cofidis rider David Moncoutié tried to bridge the gap to reach the lead group , but crashed heavily on the descent from the climb . He had to abandon the race with abrasions . Kišerlovski also took maximum points on the Col du Granier , which made Kessiakoff 's lead safe for another day . After reaching the mid @-@ stage feeding zone in Saint @-@ Joseph @-@ de @-@ Rivière , the lead group split and five riders – David Millar of Garmin – Sharp , Ag2r – La Mondiale rider Jean @-@ Christophe Péraud , Euskaltel – Euskadi 's Egoi Martínez , Kišerlovski and Cyril Gautier , looking to give Team Europcar a third win in a row – accelerated away to a near 13 @-@ minute lead at its maximum . With none of the riders being in overall contention , the peloton let the group go and decided not to chase them down before the finish . 
 Caligula needed to quell several riots and conspiracies in the eastern territories during his reign . Aiding him in his actions was his good friend , Herod Agrippa , who became governor of the territories of <unk> and Trachonitis after Caligula became emperor in AD 37 . 
 After years of wrangling between the federal government and Herbert Greenfield 's Alberta government — wrangling in which Brownlee , as Greenfield 's attorney @-@ general , played a major role — it initially appeared that the transfer was agreed upon : Brownlee met with King in Ottawa in January 1926 and signed the agreement ( subject to ratification by the federal Parliament and the Legislative Assembly of Alberta . However , the next month federal lawyer O. M. Biggar came to Edmonton to discuss minor changes to the agreement . One of these changes was a requirement that Alberta administer school lands and the school lands fund " for the support of schools organized and carried on therein , in accordance with the provisions of Section 17 of the Alberta Act " . Understanding this to mean only that the province would be required to use the school lands fund to support schools — a proposition to which Brownlee had no objection — he agreed . It soon emerged that what was actually intended was that Alberta continue to support separate Roman Catholic schools . Brownlee took exception to this , less from any objection to funding Catholic schools than on the principle that education was a matter of provincial jurisdiction , but King would not allow him to rescind his agreement . In fact , the change had been made at the instigation of Ernest Lapointe , King 's Quebec lieutenant , who wanted to placate Quebec nationalist leader Henri Bourassa , and in Tim Byrne 's opinion " was obviously a political move that had little to do with the agreement " . Brownlee countered by putting a modified version of the agreement to his legislature , one that replaced the offending language with " organized in accordance with the laws of the Province " . It passed unanimously . 
 The aesthete , according to Kierkegaard 's model , will eventually find himself in " despair " , a psychological state ( explored further in Kierkegaard 's The Concept of Anxiety and The Sickness Unto Death ) that results from a recognition of the limits of the aesthetic approach to life . Kierkegaard 's " despair " is a somewhat analogous precursor of existential angst . The natural reaction is to make an eventual " leap " to the second phase , the " ethical , " which is characterized as a phase in which rational choice and commitment replace the capricious and inconsistent longings of the aesthetic mode . Ultimately , for Kierkegaard , the aesthetic and the ethical are both superseded by a final phase which he terms the " religious " mode . This is introduced later in Fear and Trembling . 
 The white @-@ bellied sea eagle is generally territorial ; some birds form permanent pairs that inhabit territories throughout the year , while others are nomadic . The species is monogamous , with pairs remaining together until one bird dies , after which the surviving bird quickly seeks a new mate . This can lead to some nest sites being continuously occupied for many years ( one site in Mallacoota was occupied for over fifty years ) . Immature birds are generally dispersive , with many moving over 50 km ( 31 mi ) away from the area they were raised . One juvenile raised in Cowell , South Australia was reported 3 @,@ 000 km ( 1 @,@ 900 mi ) away at Fraser Island in Queensland . A study of the species in Jervis Bay showed increases in the numbers of immature and subadult birds in autumn , although it was unclear whether these were locally fledged or ( as was considered more likely ) an influx of young birds born and raised elsewhere in Australia . Birds are often seen perched high in a tree , or soaring over waterways and adjacent land . They are most commonly encountered singly or in pairs . Small groups of white @-@ bellied sea eagles sometimes gather if there is a plentiful source of food such as a carcass or fish offal on a ship . Much of the white @-@ bellied sea eagle 's behaviour , particularly breeding , remains poorly known . 
 Considered by contemporaries to be a harsh but effective ruler , Henry skilfully manipulated the barons in England and Normandy . In England , he drew on the existing Anglo @-@ Saxon system of justice , local government and taxation , but also strengthened it with additional institutions , including the royal exchequer and itinerant justices . Normandy was also governed through a growing system of justices and an exchequer . Many of the officials who ran Henry 's system were " new men " of obscure backgrounds rather than from families of high status , who rose through the ranks as administrators . Henry encouraged ecclesiastical reform , but became embroiled in a serious dispute in 1101 with Archbishop Anselm of Canterbury , which was resolved through a compromise solution in 1105 . He supported the Cluniac order and played a major role in the selection of the senior clergy in England and Normandy . 
 The earthquake was a result of oblique @-@ slip faulting , and was felt over a very wide area , from Leninakan in Armenia and Tbilisi in Georgia in the north , and Baghdad and Kirkuk in Iraq to the south . <unk> strike @-@ slip motion , along with dip @-@ slip motion ( normal faulting , northeast side down ) occurred on a fault trending west @-@ northwest . The United States ' National Geophysical Data Center lists 1 @,@ 360 fatalities for the event , while the Belgian Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters ' EM @-@ DAT database and <unk> & Melville 2005 both list 2 @,@ 500 . <unk> & Berberian 1974 , the USGS ' <unk> loss estimate database , and <unk> 2002 all state 2 @,@ 514 . The <unk> list also acknowledges other estimates of 1 @,@ 360 and 3 @,@ 000 . 
 After a year and a half of preparation and development , Behemoth premiered in May 2008 . With its high speeds , tall heights and rapid changes in both direction and elevation , the attraction is one of the most aggressive thrill rides in the park . Behemoth also has a high hourly passenger throughput – making it one of the most efficient rides in the park . 
 There is evidence of human occupation in the area since the Bronze and Iron Ages . Before the Norman Conquest it was held by Ælfgar , Earl of Mercia and after it by William de Moyon and his descendants , who administered the area from Dunster Castle , which was later sold to Sir George Luttrell and his family . There was a small port at Minehead by 1380 , which grew into a major trading centre during the medieval period . Most trade transferred to larger ports during the 20th century , but pleasure steamers did call at the port . Major rebuilding took place in the Lower or Middle town area following a fire in 1791 and the fortunes of the town revived with the growth in sea bathing , and by 1851 was becoming a retirement centre . There was a marked increase in building during the early years of the 20th century , which resulted in the wide main shopping avenue and adjacent roads with Edwardian style architecture . The town 's flood defences were improved after a storm in 1990 caused flooding . 
 The main works of the first period are the first four symphonies , the Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen song cycle and various song collections in which the Wunderhorn songs predominate . In this period songs and symphonies are closely related and the symphonic works are programmatic . Mahler initially gave the first three symphonies full descriptive programmes , all of which he later repudiated . He devised , but did not publish , titles for each of the movements for the Fourth Symphony ; from these titles the German music critic Paul Bekker conjectured a programme in which Death appears in the Scherzo " in the friendly , legendary guise of the fiddler tempting his flock to follow him out of this world " . 
 On 11 April 2002 , hundreds of thousands of people marched in protest against the government . Abandoning their planned route , the marchers advanced towards the palace , a path that took them close to government supporters who had come out in opposition to the protest . Journalist Phil Gunson wrote , " Shooting broke out on all sides . A score of civilians died and more than 150 suffered gunshot wounds . The military high command called for Chávez to resign , and at 3 : 20 the next morning they announced he had agreed to do so . The presidency was assumed by a business leader , Pedro Carmona , but his government collapsed in less than forty @-@ eight hours and Chávez returned to power . " 
 To haul the trains , the mining company took delivery of a Vossloh <unk> BB . Built new in 2009 , it was delivered to Kirkenes on 12 February 2010 . The unit deviates from standard production by having its maximum speed reduced by software from 100 to 45 kilometers per hour ( 62 to 28 mph ) ; it is further equipped with snowploughs , air supply to open the hopper car doors , radio remote control and <unk> couplers . As a back @-@ up , the company will retain the MaK G 1203 . The old hooper cars were renovated and put into service , while the track received new concrete ties . The train runs up to 20 trips per day . 
 Qualifying consisted of three parts , 18 , 15 and 12 minutes in length respectively , with five drivers eliminated from competing after each of the first two sessions . During the first part of qualifying , all drivers used the softer compound tyres at least for their second run of timed laps , including the Mercedes pair . While Valtteri Bottas was the last driver to switch from the medium tyres , his Williams teammate Felipe Massa needed a quick lap at the end of the session to secure his participation in the second qualifying round , after he had been held up by compatriot Felipe Nasr earlier in the session . Fernando Alonso 's McLaren broke down due to a loss of power before he was able to set a time , with teammate Jenson Button likewise unable to proceed . Both Manor Marussias failed to advance , while Pastor Maldonado in fifteenth was the last driver to be eliminated . 
 In March 1938 , the General Board followed the recommendations of the Battleship Design Advisory Board , which was composed of the naval architect William Francis Gibbs , William <unk> ( then president of New York Shipbuilding ) , John <unk> , Joseph W. Powell , and the long @-@ retired Admiral and former Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance Joseph Strauss . The board requested an entirely new design study , focusing on increasing the size of the 35 @,@ 000 ton South Dakota class . The first plans made for this indicated that 30 knots ( 35 mph ; 56 km / h ) was possible on a displacement of about 37 @,@ 600 long tons ( 38 @,@ 200 t ) . 33 knots ( 38 mph ; 61 km / h ) could be bought with 220 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower and a displacement of around 39 @,@ 230 long tons ( 39 @,@ 860 t ) , which was well below the Second London Naval Treaty 's maximum limit of 45 @,@ 000 long tons ( 46 @,@ 000 t ) . 
 Vikram Seth used his own experiences of being bullied at Doon to model the character of Tapan in A Suitable Boy . 
 De la Colonie was one of the few to escape , but the Elector of Bavaria had lost many of his best troops which was to have a profound effect on the ability of the Franco @-@ Bavarian forces to face the Allies in the rest of the campaign . Very few of the men who had defended the Schellenberg rejoined the Elector 's and Marsin 's army . Included amongst this number , however , were the Comte d 'Arco and his second @-@ in @-@ command , the Marquis de Maffei , both of whom later defended Lutzingen at the Battle of Blenheim . Of the 22 @,@ 000 Allied troops engaged , over 5 @,@ 000 had become casualties , overwhelming the hospitals that Marlborough had set up in Nördlingen . Amongst the Allied fatalities were six lieutenant @-@ generals , four major @-@ generals , and 28 brigadiers , colonels and lieutenant @-@ colonels , reflecting the exposed positions of senior officers as they led their men forward in the assaults . No other action in the War of the Spanish Succession claimed so many lives of senior officers . 
 Broadly speaking , Daylight Saving Time was abandoned in the years after the war ( with some notable exceptions including Canada , the UK , France , and Ireland ) . However , it was brought back for periods of time in many different places during the following decades , and commonly during World War II . It became widely adopted , particularly in North America and Europe , starting in the 1970s as a result of the 1970s energy crisis . 
 There are a number of items scattered around the castle , of which the player may carry up to three at a time . Some of these are always in the same place at the start of the game , whereas others are distributed randomly . Items include differently @-@ coloured keys which will unlock their respective doors , the three pieces of the ACG key , and other items that affect certain enemies or are mere red herrings . Common enemies appear in each room upon entering and will attack the player on sight . Collision with these enemies destroys them but drains a portion of the player 's health . There are also stationary poisonous fungi which will drain health constantly if the player is in contact with them , and enemies that require special items in order to either distract , repel or kill them , otherwise they remain invulnerable to conventional attacks . Bosses guard pieces of the ACG key , and contact with them will rapidly drain away the player 's health . 
 George Tragos / Lou Thesz International Wrestling Institute 
 Hickling was the son of Frederick Hickling , a police inspector , and his wife Elsie , of Malvern , Worcestershire . Hickling was born on 2 August 1920 in Derby , and educated at Buxton College . He applied to study at the University of Oxford , but was unsuccessful at his interview , because he shocked his examiner by rating the poetry of A. E. Housman over that of William Wordsworth . He studied instead at the University of Nottingham , where he became the youngest student to graduate with a Bachelor of Laws ( LL.B. ) . After graduation , Hickling joined a law firm as an articled clerk , and then enrolled for one year of approved academic study at the East Midlands School of Law . 
 Mika Häkkinen , driving for McLaren , started from second position alongside Michael Schumacher . However , Häkkinen was forced to serve a ten @-@ second stop @-@ and @-@ go penalty because he was judged to have jumped the start . Häkkinen climbed back up to fourth place , his final finishing position . Coulthard , who started third , moved into the lead until the first round of pit stops . Michael Schumacher and teammate Barrichello traded the leading during their second stops with the former retaining the lead . Michael Schumacher held off a challenge from Coulthard in the closing stages of the Grand Prix to secure victory . 
 During the Civil War , local politics split over slavery as many had ties to Southern cotton . Despite ambivalence concerning the war , the number of military volunteers routinely exceeded quota , and the city 's manufacturing proved invaluable to the Union . Postwar , horsecar lines covering the city enabled its growth and Providence thrived with waves of immigrants and land annexations bringing the population from 54 @,@ 595 in 1865 to 175 @,@ 597 by 1900 . From the 1890s until around 1951 , a Chinatown existed around the Burrill Street and Empire Street neighborhoods , which were razed under controversy for a highway extension . 
 Footage from the first episode was screened at New York Comic Con in October 2015 , while the first trailer for the season was released in November . Alice Walker of Screen Rant felt that " this promo highlights the best parts of the show . Fast paced and slick , Atwell is still incredibly charming .... There is a long way to go before we see if they can build on the momentum from the previous season , but so far it looks like a fun adventure . " Conversely , Kaitlin Thomas at TV.com called the promo " weird " , asking , " Why is ABC marketing Agent Carter like it 's one of the network 's casually daft melodramas instead of a well @-@ written drama [ ? ] ... From a tonal and thematic standpoint , the series depicted in that trailer feels like the polar opposite of what it actually is .... cutting together a bunch of scenes of Peggy punching people or holding a gun does not make her a badass when its framed in this way , and frankly , it 's no wonder people aren 't tuning in if that 's the type of show they think this is . " In March 2016 , Maureen Ryan , writing for Variety , described the season 's promotion as " lackluster " , and blamed it , as well as other factors that included " the botched rollout of Season 2 " , on the season 's ultimately poor viewership . 
 Knights of Labor leader Terence Powderly wrote in a letter to W.W. Stone ( excerpts of which he included in a report to the U.S. Congress ) that , " It is not necessary for me to speak of the numerous reasons given for the opposition to this particular race – their habits , religion , customs and practices ... " Powderly blamed the " problem " of Chinese immigration on the failings of the 1882 Exclusion Act . He faulted lax law enforcement , not those involved in the riots , for the attacks at Rock Springs . Powderly wrote that the U.S. Congress should stop " winking at violations of this statute " and reform the laws which barred Chinese immigration , which he believed could have prevented incidents such as " the recent assault upon the Chinese at Rock Springs " . 
 Following the German defeat in World War I , three of the Deutschland @-@ class battleships were allowed to be retained in the German Navy , which was reorganized as the Reichsmarine : Hannover , Schleswig @-@ Holstein and Schlesien , along with several of the Braunschweig @-@ class battleships . Deutschland was instead scrapped in 1922 . The three remaining pre @-@ dreadnought battleships were modernized in the 1920s , which included the replacement of the ships ' 17 cm guns with 15 cm ( 5 @.@ 9 in ) pieces . 
 Selena 's sister Suzette found Selena and Pérez flirting with each other and immediately informed their father . Quintanilla , Jr. took Pérez off the bus and told him his relationship with Selena was over . Selena and Pérez continued their relationship despite Quintanilla , Jr 's disapproval ; Selena 's mother Marcella approved of their relationship . Quintanilla , Jr. saw Selena and Pérez romantically together on the bus ; he pulled over and an argument between Quintanilla , Jr. and Selena ensued . He called Pérez a " cancer in my family " and threatened to disband the group if they continued their relationship . Selena and Pérez relented ; Quintanilla , Jr. fired Pérez from the band and prevented Selena from leaving with him . After his dismissal , Pérez and Selena secretly continued their relationship . On the morning of April 2 , 1992 , Selena and Pérez decided to elope , believing Quintanilla , Jr. would never approve of their relationship . Selena thought Quintanilla , Jr. would leave them alone if they were married , and they would not have to hide their feelings for each other . Within hours of their marriage , the media announced the couple 's elopement . Selena 's family tried to find her ; Quintanilla , Jr. did not take the news well and alienated himself for some time . Selena and Pérez moved into an apartment in Corpus Christi . Quintanilla , Jr. approached Pérez , apologized , accepted the marriage , and took Pérez back into the band . 
 In 1989 , German comedian Otto <unk> parodies the music video in his film Otto – Der <unk> . 
 In 2001 , the UK anti @-@ poverty fundraiser Comic Relief asked three best @-@ selling British authors – cookery writer and TV presenter Delia Smith , Bridget Jones creator Helen Fielding , and Rowling – to submit booklets related to their most famous works for publication . Rowling 's two booklets , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and Quidditch Through the Ages , are ostensibly facsimiles of books found in the Hogwarts library . Since going on sale in March 2001 , the books have raised £ 15 @.@ 7 million for the fund . The £ 10 @.@ 8 million they have raised outside the UK have been channelled into a newly created International Fund for Children and Young People in Crisis . In 2002 Rowling contributed a foreword to Magic , an anthology of fiction published by Bloomsbury Publishing , helping to raise money for the National Council for One Parent Families . 
 Throughout the later part of American history , and into modern times , the relationship between American and European music has been a discussed topic among scholars of American music . Some have urged for the adoption of more purely European techniques and styles , which are sometimes perceived as more refined or elegant , while others have pushed for a sense of musical nationalism that celebrates distinctively American styles . Modern classical music scholar John <unk> Struble has contrasted American and European , concluding that the music of the United States is inherently distinct because the United States has not had centuries of musical evolution as a nation . Instead , the music of the United States is that of dozens or hundreds of indigenous and immigrant groups , all of which developed largely in regional isolation until the American Civil War , when people from across the country were brought together in army units , trading musical styles and practices . Struble deemed the ballads of the Civil War " the first American folk music with discernible features that can be considered unique to America : the first ' American ' sounding music , as distinct from any regional style derived from another country . " 
 Glorious served briefly with the Mediterranean Fleet for a time after World War II broke out . In October 1939 , she moved through the Suez Canal to the Indian Ocean where she became part of Force J which was organized to hunt for the Admiral Graf Spee in the Indian Ocean . It was not successful and Glorious remained in the Indian Ocean until December when she returned to the Mediterranean . 
 Maximum speed : 555 km / h ( 345 mph ; 300 kn ) 
 While claiming to represent the entire body of Wallachian émigrés , Heliade had by then grown disappointed with the political developments , and , in his private correspondence , commented that Romanians in general were " idle " , " womanizing " , as well as having " the petty and base envies of women " , and argued that they required " supervision [ and ] leadership " . His fortune was declining , especially after pressures began for him to pay his many debts , and he often lacked the funds for basic necessities . At the time , he continuously clashed with other former revolutionaries , including Bălcescu , C. A. Rosetti , and the <unk> , who resented his ambiguous stance in respect to reforms , and especially his willingness to accept Regulamentul Organic as an instrument of power ; Heliade issued the first in a series of pamphlets condemning young radicals , contributing to factionalism inside the émigré camp . His friendship with Tell also soured , after Heliade began speculating that the revolutionary general was committing adultery with Maria . 
 In Roman Britain Cumbria was the territory of the <unk> . As the site of the western part of Hadrian 's Wall , it was of strategic importance . The north of the county is rich in archaeological evidence from the period , but nothing is known that suggests any Roman habitation in the Keswick area , other than finds that point to the existence of one or more Roman highways passing the vicinity of the present @-@ day town . Such nearby settlements as can be traced from the era of the Romans and the years after their departure seem to have been predominantly Celtic . Many local place names from the period , including that of the River Derwent , are Celtic , some closely related to Welsh equivalents . 
 Pacquette started his career with Queens Park Rangers and he made his first team debut towards the end of the 2000 – 01 season . He had loan spells with Stevenage Borough , Dagenham & Redbridge and Mansfield Town before being released in 2004 , having made over 40 appearances . He had brief spells with Milton Keynes Dons and Brentford before dropping down to non @-@ League football , where he has played since . Following short spells at five different clubs , he played for Worthing for a season and scored 17 goals . He scored for Havant & Waterlooville in their FA Cup fourth round game against Liverpool at Anfield in 2008 , where they were defeated 5 – 2 . 
 Chew Stoke is a small village and civil parish in the Chew Valley , in Somerset , England , about 8 miles ( 13 km ) south of Bristol . It is at the northern edge of the Mendip Hills , a region designated by the United Kingdom as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty , and is within the Bristol / Bath green belt . The parish includes the hamlet of Breach Hill , which is approximately 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) southwest of Chew Stoke itself . 
 The club 's anthem is When You 're Smiling , and supporters are often referred to as the Blue Army . Fans travel in numbers to watch the club home and away . According to Football League attendance statistics , the 2009 @-@ 10 season showed Leicester to have the 3rd best home & away support . Two seasons later in the 2011 @-@ 12 campaign , Leicester had the 3rd best home support , and the 4th best away support . The 2013 @-@ 14 season also supports the same attendance figures as 2011 @-@ 12 . At home matches , Leicester have gained notability for their passionate crowd & vocal atmosphere . Since 2010 , their biggest away following was at an FA Cup match against Nottingham Forest at the City Ground in 2012 . 8 @,@ 000 travelling Foxes fans went to the match , with the scoreline finishing 0 – 0 . Since City moved to their new stadium in 2002 following the exit of Filbert Street , average home gates have never dropped below 20 @,@ 000 , even when they were relegated to League 1 in 2008 for the first time in the club 's history . 
 <unk> – open to the Beaver and Cub age ranges in June . 
 There are exoplanets that are much closer to their parent star than any planet in the Solar System is to the Sun , and there are also exoplanets that are much further from their star . Mercury , the closest planet to the Sun at 0 @.@ 4 astronomical units ( AU ) , takes 88 days for an orbit , but the smallest known orbits of exoplanets have orbital periods of only a few hours , e.g. Kepler @-@ 70b . The Kepler @-@ 11 system has five of its planets in smaller orbits than Mercury 's . Neptune is 30 AU from the Sun and takes 165 years to orbit it , but there are exoplanets that are thousands of AU from their star and take tens of thousands of years to orbit , e.g. GU <unk> b . 
 During David Dacko 's presidency from 1960 to 1966 , there was a significant increase in the production of diamonds . This occurred when the monopoly of the French concessionary companies was ended with a law allowing local citizens to dig for diamonds . After Dacko set up a diamond cutting factory at Bangui , diamonds became the country 's leading export . But by the end of his five year 's tenure , rampant corruption and financial indiscipline had resulted in workers being left unpaid and civil unrest ensued . Bokassa then seized power in a military coup in 1966 . Concurrently , Bangui also became the key centre for social and cultural activity in the region , when new institutions were established in the city . However , political turmoil in the country , rampant corruption , and the dictatorial rule of President Bokassa centred in the city , brought in economic recession in the 1970s exacerbated by a fall in international prices for its major exports . This caused impoverishment of the people and severe conflict , further compounded by refugees migrating from troubled neighbouring countries . 
 when the monstrosity of a double official language and dual schools will be done away with throughout the whole country . Our real national life will date from that day . 
 The team interviewed a group of 40 Iranians who lived in Tehran during the Iranian Revolution . The game 's setting and environments are based on photographs taken by real photojournalists during the era , such as Michel <unk> , and graffiti on the streets of Tehran at the time . The team also studied many documentaries , films , journals and documents regarding Iran , and sought feedback from academic , political , religious and cultural advisers . They interviewed over fifty history scholars , including sociologist and political scientist Jack Goldstone , gathered about 1 @,@ 500 archival photos , and collected many of Ayatollah Khomeini 's speeches during their research for the game . The home video footage featured in the game is that of Khonsari 's grandfather , recorded in Super 8 film from the 1950s to 1979 . Producer Navid Negahban , who portrayed Hajj Agha in the game , was a high school student at the time of the Revolution . He said that the script " brought back memories " , and he provided information to the writers based on his personal experiences of the time . 
 Brazza 's martin ( Phedina brazzae ) is a passerine bird in the swallow family , Hirundinidae . It is 12 cm ( 4 @.@ 25 in ) long with grey @-@ brown upperparts , heavily black @-@ streaked white underparts , and a brownish tint to the breast plumage . The sexes are similar , but juvenile birds have more diffuse breast streaking and reddish @-@ brown edges to the feathers of the back and wings . The song consists of a series of short notes of increasing frequency , followed by a complex buzz that is sometimes completed by a number of clicks . 
 The raiders ' attack probably did not go exactly as they had intended . In attacks on Schenectady , New York and Durham , New Hampshire in the 1690s ( both of which included Hertel de Rouville 's father ) , the raiders had simultaneously attacked all of the houses ; at Deerfield , this did not happen . Historians Haefeli and Sweeney theorize that the failure to launch a coordinated assault was caused by the wide diversity within the attacking force . 
 Juraj <unk> Terzić Kačić ( 1740 – 1820 ) , canon and poet 
 7 " ( <unk> ) 
 Health Canada flu portal 
 The tower 's loading dock , however , was not due to be finished in time to move equipment into the completed building , so five temporary loading bays were added at a cost of millions of dollars . The temporary PATH station was not to be removed until its official replacement , the World Trade Center Transportation Hub , was completed , blocking access to the planned loading area . By March 2012 , One World Trade Center 's steel structure had reached 93 floors , growing to 94 floors and 1 @,@ 240 feet ( 380 m ) by the end of the month . However , because the floor numberings were based on standard measurements , the 94th floor was numbered " floor 100 " , because the extra space was occupied by the high @-@ ceilinged 91st floor , which was used for mechanical purposes . 
 Abe 's Oddysee includes only four named characters , and many anonymous slaves and guards . The protagonist of the game is Abe , a Mudokon slave worker born into captivity and ignorant of his people 's rich history and culture . Abe is often described as a " klutz " ; and his mouth is sewn shut , possibly to prevent his outcry . 
 Variations are known to occur ; in north @-@ west Africa , the <unk> of the fore and hind wing are darker , with hints of greenish or greyish brown . Similarly @-@ coloured races occur in Spain , Elba , Crete , and other Eastern Mediterranean islands . T. acteon <unk> , endemic to the Canary Islands , displays colour variations , with the <unk> of the fore @-@ wing showing defined yellow – orange markings . 
 " Goodnight Tonight " ( extended version ) – 7 : 16 
 When Sarah Scott considered the 2008 work Exotic Lies and Sacred Ties , which , like From Rite to Ritual , drew on evocations of Spode china , she highlighted its exploration of the history of cross @-@ cultural relations . Noting the landscape that forms the central element of the painting , she observed : 
 The second most career runs in ODI matches for England . 
 Reviewer Dennis Duffy commended Brown 's research , but stated Brown " often cheats " in assigning forethought to Macdonalds action unattested in historical documents . Critic Rich Kreiner found that Brown 's disengaged approach to Louis Riel invited a reader @-@ response approach to reading it . As an example , it was the impetus for an in @-@ depth , three @-@ part interview conducted by Dave Sim in the pages of his comic book Cerebus , which Sim uses as an opportunity to apply his own <unk> views to an interpretation of events in Brown 's book . 
 During the early part of the war , Sanders worked as second mate on the Moeraki . He also sat for his Masters certificate , passing with honours on 7 November 1914 . He was then discharged from the Moeraki in December and applied for the Royal Naval Reserve . However , he was not called up and in the interim served as a Merchant Navy officer on the troopships <unk> and Tofua . 
 On 24 April 2013 , a commemorative dinner was held by the Felix Fund , a charity for bomb disposal experts and their families , at the Merchant Taylors ' Hall on Threadneedle Street , to mark 20 years since the Bishopsgate bombing . 
 After finishing his job as the murderer " Hitokiri Battōsai " in the Ishin Shishi , Kenshin assumes the life of a wanderer . Ten years after the Revolution , he arrives in Tokyo , where he meets Kamiya Kaoru . She invites him to stay in her dojo even after she discovers that Kenshin is the " Battōsai " . During his residence in the dojo , Kenshin establishes lifelong relationships with many people , including ex @-@ enemies , such as the former Shinsengumi member Saitō Hajime . Kenshin desires to protect every individual from danger without harming others . Formerly known as " the strongest hitokiri , " Kenshin is the main target of many old enemies and people who want to gain his title . Thus , he avoids letting others get too close to him personally for their own protection . However , he eventually begins relying on his friends , allowing them to fight alongside him . 
 " Til It Happens to You " ( Division 4 & Matt Consola Instrumental ) – 7 : 10 
 At fourteen , Smith left his mother 's home in Texas and moved to Portland , Oregon to live with his father , then working as a psychiatrist . It was around this time that Smith began using drugs , including alcohol , with friends . He also began experimenting with recording for the first time after borrowing a four @-@ track recorder . At high school , Smith played clarinet in the school band and played guitar and piano ; he also sang in the bands Stranger Than Fiction and A Murder of Crows , billed as either Steven Smith or " Johnny Panic " . He graduated from Lincoln High School as a National Merit Scholar . 
 Dalton proposed that each chemical element is composed of atoms of a single , unique type , and though they cannot be altered or destroyed by chemical means , they can combine to form more complex structures ( chemical compounds ) . This marked the first truly scientific theory of the atom , since Dalton reached his conclusions by experimentation and examination of the results in an empirical fashion . 
 The new authorities introduced Albanian as the official language and replaced Greek schools with Albanian ones , which were forbidden during the Greek administration of the city . There was also a French school in Korçë and one of its many students was Enver Hoxha , who was apprentice ( 1927 — 1930 ) and then teacher ( 1937 — 1939 ) . He would later become the First Secretary of the Albanian Party of Labour , serving from 1941 until his death in 1985 . 
 Chyna then feuded with Chris Jericho over the belt , defeating him at the Survivor Series , but losing the title to him at Armageddon . The two faced off again in a match on the edition of December 28 of SmackDown ! , which ended controversially with both wrestlers pinning each other . As a result , then " head of authority " Stephanie McMahon @-@ Helmsley declared them co @-@ champions . At the Royal Rumble , Jericho and Chyna defended the title against Hardcore Holly in a Triple Threat match to determine the Intercontinental Champion , which Jericho won ; Chyna 's " co @-@ champions " reign is no longer recognized by WWE and is now considered a continuation of Jericho 's second Intercontinental reign . Afterwards , Laurer briefly teamed with Jericho . 
 In 1904 , numerous newspaper articles and editorials were written , mostly in Chicago , about the society . Those articles were often sensationalist and tended to put the society in a bad light . The views of the society , particularly those against marriage and promoting free love , were not accepted well in the small Ohio village of Lisbon . In fact , a local newspaper reprinted a warning that had been distributed in the community : " Wanted – Fifty good women , over twenty and under fifty years of age ; also fifty good honest @-@ hearted men with families , to meet upon the Square when called upon , and go to the Spirit Fruit farm and tell them to take their departure at once or take the consequences , as tar is cheap and feathers plentiful . " 
 In a review for The Providence Journal , Andy Smith remarked that the author was " a master of atmosphere , if not character " – a sentiment echoed by The Post and Courier 's Dan Conover , who , although praising the novel 's intelligence and contemporary relevance , felt that Gibson 's underlying political pre @-@ occupation and detached narration came at the expense of character development . Neil Drumming , of Entertainment Weekly , in awarding the novel a " B " rating concurred , complaining that the protagonists " often just feel like higher @-@ tech automatons with useful features " whose actions are the product of manipulation by " external forces and cagey operatives " rather than conscious decisions . In The Daily Telegraph , Roger Perkins was more blunt , remarking that the " relentless pace and breathless dislocation " of the plot hid " character development that 's as deep as dental veneer but equally shiny " . Matt Thorne summed up the issue in opining that " The problem with a thriller which begins with a technology journalist talking to an experimental artist is that , no matter how exciting the events later become , it 's hard to care . " 
 Beatrice was born at Buckingham Palace . She was the fifth daughter and youngest of the nine children of the reigning British monarch , Queen Victoria , and her husband , Prince Albert of Saxe @-@ Coburg and Gotha ( later The Prince Consort ) . The birth caused controversy when it was announced that Queen Victoria would seek relief from the pains of delivery through the use of chloroform administered by Dr John Snow . <unk> was considered dangerous to mother and child and was frowned upon by the Church of England and the medical authorities . Queen Victoria was undeterred and used " that blessed chloroform " for her last pregnancy . A fortnight later , Queen Victoria reported in her journal , " I was amply rewarded and forgot all I had gone through when I heard dearest Albert say ' It 's a fine child , and a girl ! ' " Albert and Queen Victoria chose the names Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore : Mary after Princess Mary , Duchess of Gloucester , the last surviving child of King George III of the United Kingdom ; Victoria after the Queen ; and Feodore after Feodora , Princess of Hohenlohe @-@ Langenburg , the Queen 's older half @-@ sister . She was christened in the private chapel at Buckingham Palace on 16 June 1857 . Her godparents were the Duchess of Kent ( maternal grandmother ) ; the Princess Royal ( eldest sister ) ; and the Prince Frederick of Prussia ( her future brother @-@ in @-@ law ) . 
 Data and Picard discover a submerged and cloaked Federation ship containing a gigantic holodeck set up to recreate the Ba 'ku village . Data 's malfunction stems from a Son 'a attack , received when he discovered the vessel . Picard confronts Dougherty and learns that top Federation officers and the Son 'a secretly planned to deceptively move the Ba 'ku to the ship and forcibly relocate them to another planet , allowing the Son 'a to collect the rejuvenating radiation ( but poisoning the planet in the process ) . Dougherty orders the Enterprise to leave . Picard states the rejuvenation benefit of the radiation does not justify Dougherty 's plans for the Ba 'ku and violates the Prime Directive . He plans to alert the Federation of the forced relocation . 
 The Columbian mammoth was first scientifically described in 1857 by Scottish naturalist Hugh Falconer , who named the species Elephas columbi after Christopher Columbus . The animal was brought to Falconer 's attention in 1846 by Charles Lyell , who sent him molar fragments found during the 1838 excavation of the Brunswick – Altamaha Canal in Georgia , in the southeastern United States . At the time , similar fossils from across North America were attributed to woolly mammoths ( then Elephas primigenius ) . Falconer found that his specimens were distinct , confirming his conclusion by examining their internal structure and studying additional molars from Mexico . Although William Phipps Blake and Richard Owen believed that E. texianus was more appropriate for the species , Falconer rejected the name ; he also suggested that E. imperator and E. <unk> , two other American elephants described from molars , were based on remains too fragmentary to classify properly . More complete material that may be from the same quarry as Falconer 's fragmentary holotype molar was reported in 2012 , and could help shed more light on that specimen , since doubts about its adequacy as a holotype have been raised . 
 It is interesting ... that both Egbert and his son Æthelwulf appear to have respected the separate identity of Kent and its associated provinces , as if there appears to have been no plan at this stage to absorb the southeast into an enlarged kingdom stretching across the whole of southern England . Nor does it seem to have been the intention of Egbert and his successors to maintain supremacy of any kind over the kingdom of Mercia ... It is quite possible that Egbert had relinquished Mercia of his own volition ; and there is no suggestion that any residual antagonism affected relations between the rulers of Wessex and Mercia thereafter . 
 Carrick has one brother , Graeme , who is four years younger . He was also at West Ham United but suffered several injuries , and has completed an MSc in Sport Coaching is currently an FA Regional Coach Mentor ( North East & Yorkshire ) after 7 years as an FA Skills Coach and a spell Coaching at Team Northumbria F.C. , after previously working at the Newcastle United Academy coaching the under @-@ 10s and under @-@ 16s . Carrick married Lisa <unk> , a Pilates instructor with a business degree , in <unk> , Leicestershire on 16 June 2007 . The couple started dating when they were both at school , and have a daughter , Louise , and a son , Jacey . 
 Readville station is bounded by several railroad yards which were mostly built in the first half of the 20th century . East of the station on the Fairmount Line is the Readville Interim Repair Facility , an MBTA commuter rail maintenance facility and layover yard . Readville 1 @-@ Yard is an active CSX freight yard located south of the station , on tracks connecting the Fairmount Line to the Northeast Corridor . Additionally , there were formerly several yard tracks along the Northeast Corridor north of the station . 
 Hill was born on 14 March 1911 , in Bath , Somerset , the son of Major General Walter Hill . He was educated at Marlborough College , where he was the head of the college 's Officer Training Corps , and then attended the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst ; there he won the Sword of Honour and became captain of athletics . He joined the British Army in 1931 , being commissioned as a 2nd lieutenant into the Royal Fusiliers ( City of London regiment ) , the regiment which his father commanded . He ran the regimental athletic and boxing associations during his service with the regiment , and in 1936 transferred to the Supplementary Reserve in order to marry his first wife , Denys Gunter @-@ Jones . For the next three years he worked as part of his family 's ferry company . 
 There are several different types of acute toxicity tests . The LD50 ( " Lethal Dose 50 % " ) test is used to evaluate the toxicity of a substance by determining the dose required to kill 50 % of the test animal population . This test was removed from OECD international guidelines in 2002 , replaced by methods such as the fixed dose procedure , which use fewer animals and cause less suffering . Abbott writes that , as of 2005 , " the LD50 acute toxicity test ... still accounts for one @-@ third of all animal [ toxicity ] tests worldwide . " 
 By 1972 , the Portuguese military had changed its strategy , adapting the British / American search and destroy operations utilising small shock troop sweeps . They also initiated a hearts and minds campaign , named the <unk> Programme , which was a forced relocation program . But on November 9 , 1972 , FRELIMO – not numbering more than 8 @,@ 000 fighters – launched a large offensive in Tete Province . The response from the Portuguese military was fierce , leading to reprisal attacks in an attempt to unbalance the local population 's continuing faith in FRELIMO . 
 In August 2005 , Capcom launched a major marketing campaign to support the upcoming release . This included an extensive marketing program in the U.S. television networks , print advertisements in several leading video game and men 's magazines , radio promotions broadcasts on alternative rock stations in major markets , and pre @-@ order and point of sale purchase campaigns . A Darkwatch music video to Good Charlotte 's song " Predictable " was also featured in MTV2 's Video Mods . 
 Upon crossing Big Timber Creek , the route enters Brooklawn , Camden County , where the name becomes Crescent Boulevard and it comes to a traffic circle with CR 551 . Here , US 130 and CR 551 head concurrent to the east , passing under the Conrail Vineland Secondary , and come to another traffic circle . At this circle , Route 47 and CR 551 head south while US 130 continues east on Crescent Boulevard , lined with suburban shopping centers . After CR 551 Spur heads east , US 130 makes a turn to the northeast , widening into a six @-@ lane highway with many intersections controlled by jughandles and crossing Little Timber Creek into Gloucester City . In <unk> City , the median of the route widens as it interchanges with I @-@ 76 at a partial interchange . From this interchange , the road continues north @-@ northeast and crosses Newton Creek into Haddon Township . US 130 comes to an interchange with Route 76C that has access towards I @-@ 76 , I @-@ 676 , and the Walt Whitman Bridge to and from the northbound direction of US 130 . The highway continues to a channelized intersection with Route 168 . Following this intersection , US 130 continues through urban areas , passing through a small corner of Camden before entering Collingswood . In <unk> , the road is lined with suburban businesses again prior to meeting US 30 at the former Collingswood Circle . 
 In classical and quantum mechanics , conserved quantities generally correspond to a symmetry of the system . The conservation of the LRL vector corresponds to an unusual symmetry ; the Kepler problem is mathematically equivalent to a particle moving freely on the surface of a four @-@ dimensional ( <unk> ) sphere , so that the whole problem is symmetric under certain rotations of the four @-@ dimensional space . This higher symmetry results from two properties of the Kepler problem : the velocity vector always moves in a perfect circle and , for a given total energy , all such velocity circles intersect each other in the same two points . 
 In geological terms , the Pennines , known as the " backbone of England " , are the oldest range of mountains in the country , originating from the end of the Paleozoic Era around 300 million years ago . Their geological composition includes , among others , sandstone and limestone , and also coal . There are karst landscapes in calcite areas such as parts of Yorkshire and Derbyshire . The Pennine landscape is high moorland in upland areas , indented by fertile valleys of the region 's rivers . They contain three national parks , the Yorkshire Dales , Northumberland , and the Peak District . The highest point in England , at 978 metres ( 3 @,@ 209 ft ) , is Scafell Pike in Cumbria . Straddling the border between England and Scotland are the Cheviot Hills . 
 Work began on " Sinestro Corps War " in September 2006 . The structure was fluid , at one point becoming a few issues with two bookends to just one gigantic issue . The title was originally just " Sinestro Corps " , but during development the creators added the word " War " . Eventually the structure finalized into a one @-@ shot special for release in June , after which the story would alternate between Green Lantern and Green Lantern Corps until November . After the crossover 's initial publishing successes , DC added four Tales of the Sinestro Corps one @-@ shots to the publishing schedule . 
 Near the end of the month about 12 @,@ 000 infantry , 3 @,@ 000 cavalry , 210 heavy machine guns and 44 guns were assembled by Soviet forces in the area of <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> . Polish forces in the area under general Stanisław <unk> numbered 11 @,@ 000 ; Rydz @-@ <unk> had 8 infantry battalions , 18 cavalry squadrons and 18 guns in Vilnius itself . Rydz @-@ Śmigły decided to engage enemy forces before they combined their strengths . On the night of April 28 – 29 , general Stefan <unk> @-@ Biernacki took <unk> , capturing one of the Soviet formations . Simultaneously , Soviet forces attacked near <unk> – <unk> , south of Vilnius . Polish defenses and counterattacks managed to halt Soviet movements towards Vilnius , pushing them back towards <unk> – <unk> . In retaliation , Soviet forces launched yet another counterattack , this one from north of Vilnius . The results were significantly better than those of the previous offensive , with Soviet forces breaking through Polish defenses in the area . However , Red Army forces halted their movements short of Vilnius , not wishing to attack a hostile city during the night . Polish forces took advantage of the opportunity to strengthen their defenses . Shortly afterwards , Polish forces counterattacked , pushing the Red Army back towards <unk> and <unk> . Polish forces pursued and took those two settlements , as well as <unk> and <unk> . By mid @-@ May Polish forces had reached the line of <unk> lake – <unk> – <unk> – <unk> , leaving Vilnius well behind the frontline . 
 In August 2008 , Sorkin announced that he had agreed to write a script for Sony and producer Scott Rudin about how Facebook was founded . The film , The Social Network , based on Ben <unk> 's novel The Accidental Billionaires , was released on October 1 , 2010 . Sorkin won the Academy , BAFTA and Golden Globe Awards for The Social Network . One year later , Sorkin received nominations for the same awards for co @-@ writing the screenplay to the film Moneyball . 
 The NME 's Roy Carr and Tony Tyler were equally generous in their appraisal of " probably the greatest indoor rock ' n ' roll event ever held " ; to them , Bob Dylan 's five @-@ song set " easily justified " the album 's price tag . As at the time of the concerts , much was made by album reviewers of the change in Dylan 's singing voice , as well as his choice of songs , which harked back to the so @-@ called " protest period " of 1962 – 64 and the subsequent creative zenith that culminated in his Blonde on Blonde album ( 1966 ) . 
 The silvertip shark is a robust and streamlined species with a moderately long , broad snout and large , round eyes . The five pairs of gill slits are short . There are 12 – 14 tooth rows on each side of both jaws , with one or two small teeth at the symphysis ( middle of the jaws ) . The upper teeth are broad with oblique triangular cusps and coarse serrations near the base ; the lower teeth have erect cusps with fine serrations . The first dorsal fin is large and triangular , originating above or slightly forward of the free pectoral fin tips . There is a ridge between the first and second dorsal fins . The pectoral fins are proportionately longer than in most requiem sharks and falcate ( sickle @-@ like ) in shape , with pointed tips . 
 Since 1 January 2009 same @-@ sex couples have had the same access to military retirement pensions and <unk> as opposite @-@ sex couples . Transgender personnel are also permitted to serve in the ADF , and are provided with support when necessary . The ADF has permitted a contingent of gay and lesbian personnel to march together in the Sydney Mardi Gras since 2008 , and from 2013 these personnel were authorised to wear their uniforms during the parade . 
 " On the Banks of the Wabash , Far Away " was among the best @-@ selling songs of the 19th century , earning over $ 100 @,@ 000 from sheet @-@ music revenues . Written and composed by American songwriter Paul Dresser , it was published by the Tin Pan Alley firm of Howley , Haviland and Company in October 1897 . The lyrics of the ballad reminisce about life near Dresser 's childhood home by the Wabash River in Indiana , United States . The song remained popular for decades , and the Indiana General Assembly adopted it as the official state song on March 14 , 1913 . The song was the basis for a 1923 film of the same title . Its longtime popularity led to the emergence of several lyrical versions , including an 1898 anti @-@ war song and a Swedish version that was a number @-@ one hit . 
 " Loca " ( featuring Dizzee Rascal ) ( Gucci <unk> aka Brodinski & The Shoes Discothèque Remix ) – 4 : 07 
 Released on July 20 , 1981 , the album was not commercially acclaimed , failing to spawn a single hit . Though Sire Records had merged with Warner Bros. Records , none of the singles from Pleasant Dreams were released in the US . Sire had insisted that the album be produced by a celebrity producer , hiring Graham Gouldman to the job expecting this to help expand the band 's fan @-@ base . Joey relates : " The record company told us the album would bomb if we didn 't use Graham Gouldman , so we worked with <unk> the album bombed anyway . " The album would only chart in the US and Sweden , peaking at fifty @-@ eight on the Billboard 200 and thirty @-@ five on the Sverigetopplistan chart — the singles released from the album failed to chart . 
 Hibs enjoyed a good season in 2000 – 01 , as they challenged the Old Firm until Christmas , eventually finishing third in the league . Hibs also reached the 2001 Scottish Cup Final , but lost 3 – 0 to Celtic . Manager Alex McLeish departed for Rangers in December 2001 ; team captain Franck <unk> was appointed as the new manager , despite the fact that he had no previous coaching experience . A disastrous run of form followed , which was dragging Hibs into a relegation battle by the time he was sacked in February 2002 . <unk> had been manager for just 69 days . 
 This period of Hassett ’ s career was notable for his battles with Australia 's leading Test bowler , Bill O 'Reilly , when the latter appeared for New South Wales ( NSW ) . O 'Reilly conceded that Hassett played his bowling better than any other batsman . Hassett 's method was predicated on counter @-@ attacking : whenever O 'Reilly bowled his famed wrong ' un , he could read this delivery in its flight ( whereas most other batsmen could not ) and he advanced down the pitch to hit the ball over the fielders on the leg side . The disparate <unk> and physiques of the two men accentuated their rivalry . Ray Robinson wrote that O 'Reilly , " ... towered nine inches above him ; it would have looked more apt for Hassett to sell him a newspaper than contend with his bowling . " The phlegmatic Hassett sometimes goaded the irascible O 'Reilly , which few batsmen were game to do . On one occasion , he repeatedly mis @-@ hit O 'Reilly 's bowling , prompting an irritated O 'Reilly to ask if he had a middle to his bat . Hassett replied , " I don 't need one with you , <unk> . " It was a long , defensive innings of 81 against NSW ( including O 'Reilly ) in 1937 that first brought Hassett to the attention of the national selectors . During an interval in the match , O 'Reilly told his teammates : " Nobody has ever kept me out like that little bastard . " 
 His son Don Kindt , Jr. also played in the National Football League , as a tight end for the Bears during the 1987 season . 
 The film is a shot @-@ for @-@ shot adaptation of the comic book , similar to the film adaptation of Sin City . Snyder photocopied panels from the comic book , from which he planned the preceding and succeeding shots . " It was a fun process for me ... to have a frame as a goal to get to , " he said . Like the comic book , the adaptation also used the character Dilios as a narrator . Snyder used this narrative technique to show the audience that the surreal " Frank Miller world " of 300 was told from a subjective perspective . By using Dilios ' gift of storytelling , he was able to introduce fantasy elements into the film , explaining that " Dilios is a guy who knows how not to wreck a good story with truth . " Snyder also added the sub @-@ plot in which Queen Gorgo attempts to rally support for her husband . 
 In the 1960s and 1970s , the university invested US $ 150 million in the campus to construct buildings for the library , foreign languages , social sciences , communications , philosophy , electrical and petroleum engineering , art , and architecture . Some other buildings were significantly expanded . On May 29 , 1969 , the 61st Texas Legislature created the Texas Tech University School of Medicine . The Texas Legislature expanded the medical school charter in 1979 , creating the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center . TTUHSC , which is now part of the Texas Tech University System , includes Schools of Allied Health Sciences , Medicine , Nursing , Pharmacy , and the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences . It has locations in four Texas cities in addition to the main campus in Lubbock . In 2011 , the combined enrollment in the Texas Tech University System was greater than 42 @,@ 000 students — a 48 % increase since 2000 . Chancellor Kent Hance reiterated plans for Texas Tech 's main campus to reach enrollment of 40 @,@ 000 students by 2020 , with additional 5 @,@ 000 students at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center and 10 @,@ 000 students at Angelo State University . 
 The city is home to several points of interest in the historical , scientific , and visual / performing arts areas , and has become a popular tourist destination in recent years . The Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art features regularly changing exhibitions in a variety of media . Exhibitions feature painting , sculpture , photography , glass , video and other visual media from internationally acclaimed artists as well as artists of national and regional renown . MOCA was born from the annual Boardwalk Art Show , which began in 1952 and is now the museum 's largest fundraiser . By operating at a national standard , MOCA received accreditation from the American Alliance of Museums in 2010 . 
 In the parliamentary elections in 1996 , the BJP capitalised on the communal polarisation that followed the demolition to win 161 Lok Sabha seats , making it the largest party in parliament . Vajpayee was sworn in as Prime Minister , but was unable to attain a majority in the Lok Sabha , forcing the government to resign after 13 days . 
 An Allied destroyer patrol was in the area on the night of 14 May , to the north of the Barrage . The Italian flotilla leader Mirabello was accompanied by the French destroyers Commandant Rivière , Bisson , and <unk> . The Italian destroyer Borea was also in the area , escorting a small convoy to Valona . A support force was based in the port of Brindisi , consisting of the British cruisers Dartmouth and Bristol and several French and Italian destroyers . 
 Gantz , T. ( 1993 ) Early Greek Myth . Baltimore : Johns <unk> U. P. A standard sourcebook on Greek myths . Multiple versions available . There are approximately six pages ( 597 – 603 ) plus notes discussing Troilos in Volume 2 of the two volume edition . Page references are to the two volume 1996 Johns Hopkins Paperbacks edition ( ISBN 0 @-@ 8018 @-@ <unk> @-@ 1 ) . 
 In 1938 , Otto Frank started a second company , Pectacon , which was a wholesaler of herbs , pickling salts , and mixed spices , used in the production of sausages . Hermann van Pels was employed by Pectacon as an advisor about spices . A Jewish butcher , he had fled Osnabrück in Germany with his family . In 1939 , Edith 's mother came to live with the Franks , and remained with them until her death in January 1942 . 
 The 2011 tournament was held in independent Slovakia for the first time . Finland won its second world championship with a 6 @-@ 1 victory over Sweden . The Czech Republic won the bronze medal over Russia . 
 Coinciding with the counterculture 's preoccupation with enlightenment , 1967 marked the period when LSD use had become widespread among rock musicians and their audience . In a 1999 interview with Billboard magazine , Harrison said his aim had been " to write a rock 'n'roll song about the whole psychedelic thing of the time " . 
 Lorde 's music consists of subgenres such as dream pop and indietronica . She has earned two Grammy Awards , a Brit Award and ten New Zealand Music Awards . In 2013 , she was named among Time 's most influential teenagers in the world , and in the following year , she was in Forbes 's " 30 Under 30 " list . 
 Analysis of composition of the lunar samples supports the giant impact hypothesis , that the Moon was created through impact of a large astronomical body with the Earth . 
 The Make @-@ Up was an American post @-@ punk band from Washington , D.C. formed in 1995 , consisting of ex @-@ Nation of Ulysses frontman Ian Svenonius on vocals , James Canty on guitar and organ , Steve Gamboa on drums , and Michelle Mae on bass guitar . The Make @-@ Up were joined in late 1999 by a fifth member , Alex Minoff ( of the groups Golden and Extra Golden ) , who played guitar with the group until the band 's dissolution in early 2000 . 
 The collar is an accessory worn around the neck , over the mantle and secured with white ribbons tied in bows on the shoulders . Like the mantle , it was introduced in the 15th and 16th centuries . Made of pure gold , it weighs 30 troy ounces ( 0 @.@ 933 kg ) . The collar is composed of gold knots alternating with enamelled medallions showing a rose encircled by the Garter . During King Henry VII 's reign , each garter surrounded two roses — one red and one white — but he changed the design such that each garter encircled the Tudor rose . 
 When Bart and Milhouse visit the local video arcade at the beginning of the episode , Martin Prince is seen playing an arcade game based on the 1981 film My Dinner with Andre . Other games at the arcade include a game based on the 1984 film The Terminator . The " Springfield , Springfield " number performed by Bart and Milhouse on their night out in town is a reference to the musical number " New York , New York " from the film On the Town , starring Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra . During a scene in which Hans Moleman and Moe fight with knives , Hans tells Moe , " You call that a knife ? This is a knife ! " , a reference to a line from the 1986 film Crocodile Dundee . Ernest Borgnine introduces himself a la Troy McClure to the Junior Campers by recalling his role in From Here to Eternity , a film which modern children are unlikely to have seen . During a hallucination , Homer imagines himself singing the song " Sugar , Sugar " by The Archies while dancing with lollipops and ice cream cones . While on the raft , Homer misquotes lines from Samuel Taylor Coleridge 's The Rime of the Ancient Mariner when he says " Water , water everywhere / Let 's all have a drink . The scene in which Borgnine and the other rafters drift through a dark forest watched by mountain men is a reference to a scene in the 1972 film Deliverance , and the scene features the music from the film 's " Dueling Banjos " scene . The unseen person or creature that attacks Borgnine at the end of the episode is implied to be Jason Voorhees from the Friday the 13th film series . 
 War with France was by now drawing to a close , and in March 1763 Logie brought Brilliant to Deptford Dockyard where she was decommissioned and her crew paid off to join other vessels . 
 Traherne was educated at Hereford Cathedral School and matriculated in Brasenose College , Oxford , on 2 April 1652 , receiving his baccalaureate degree on 13 October 1656 . Five years later he was promoted to the degree of Master of Arts ( Oxon . ) on 6 November 1661 , and he received a Bachelor of Divinity ( B.D. ) on 11 December 1669 . 
 The previous week , Middle Tennessee made two rapid @-@ fire fourth @-@ quarter touchdowns in a failed comeback attempt against the eventual Sun Belt Conference champions , Troy . The week following the Maryland game , Middle Tennessee nearly upset Kentucky . The Blue Raiders lost that game , 20 – 14 , after wide receiver Eldred King caught a 61 @-@ yard pass only to be ankle @-@ tackled at the Kentucky one @-@ yard line as time expired . 
 Higgins played in back @-@ to @-@ back World Junior Championships during his college career . First appearing in 2002 , he recorded four goals and two assists over seven games . He helped the United States qualify for the quarterfinal , where they were eliminated by Russia 6 – 1 . The following year , Higgins matched his points total with three goals and three assists . After losing their semifinal to Canada 3 – 2 , the United States lost by the same score to Finland in the bronze medal game . 
 He also accused Thaksin of spying on the military while he was Prime Minister . 
 Ziegler published the text in a collection of her work , along with the other ones set by Bach . These printed versions are slightly different from the texts used in the cantatas , and this is believed to be the result of the composer modifying the libretti with which he was presented . In the case of Sie werden euch in den Bann tun the differences between the printed version and that set by Bach are less than in the preceding cantatas such as Auf Christi Himmelfahrt allein , BWV 128 . 
 The loop was originally proposed in 1986 as part of a downtown revitalization effort . Almost from the beginning before the highway was commissioned in 1989 , it was affected by controversial proposals . Several suggestions by community leaders to rename city streets in honor of Martin Luther King , Jr. were rejected . In the end , Logan Street was given a second name , Martin Luther King , Jr . Boulevard , and the original name was eventually dropped . 
 Barbarian was released in 1989 for the Commodore 64 and in the months that followed , most other home computers . These machines were varied in their capabilities , and the software ported to them was modified accordingly . The version for the 8 @-@ bit ZX Spectrums is mostly monochromatic , displaying the outlines of the barbarians against single @-@ colour backgrounds . The sounds are recorded at a lower sampling rate . Conversely , the version for the Atari ST , which has 16- and 32 @-@ bit buses , presents a greater variety of backgrounds and slightly higher quality graphics than the original version . Its story mode also pits 10 barbarians against the player instead of the usual 8 . <unk> sound samples are used in the Atari ST and 32 @-@ bit Amiga versions ; the latter also features digitised speech . Each fight begins with the announcement of " Prepare to die ! " , and metallic sounding thuds and <unk> ring out as swords clash against each other . 
 13th Academy Awards ( 1941 ) : Best Actress , nomination , for The Philadelphia Story 
 Mexican National Trios Championship ( 1 time ) – with Metro and Stuka , Jr . 
 History records many instances of unusual objects falling with the rain – in 2000 , in an example of raining animals , a small waterspout in the North Sea sucked up a school of fish a mile off shore , depositing them shortly afterwards on Great Yarmouth in the United Kingdom . Coloured rain is by no means rare , and can often be explained by the airborne transport of rain dust from desert or other dry regions which is washed down by rain . " Red Rains " have been frequently described in southern Europe , with increasing reports in recent years . One such case occurred in England in 1903 , when dust was carried from the Sahara and fell with rain in February of that year . 
 Having refused to betray Yaotl in exchange for serving the Generals , April , Casey and the Foot Clan work together , searching for the final monster while the Turtles fight the Generals . Splinter and Yaotl fight off winged portal monsters emerging from the portal . April , Casey and Karai arrive at the tower with the Sea Monster . The Sea Monster crashes into the Generals , dragging them into the portal before it closes for another three thousand years . Karai then warns the gang to enjoy their victory while it lasts , claiming they will soon contend with a familiar face from their past . She and the rest of the Foot Clan depart via smoke bombs . Yaotl , now mortal , honors the Turtles and Splinter , thanking them with his dying breath for fulfilling his lifelong wish . Splinter places Winter 's helmet among his collection of various keepsakes ( items seen in the previous three films such as the time scepter and the ooze canister ) , as well as Raphael 's Nightwatcher helmet and Michelangelo 's turtle costume . The movie ends with Raphael narrating that the Turtles will always be brothers as the four of them jump across the rooftops of New York . 
 From 1420 to 1644 , the Forbidden City was the seat of the Ming dynasty . In April 1644 , it was captured by rebel forces led by Li Zicheng , who proclaimed himself emperor of the Shun dynasty . He soon fled before the combined armies of former Ming general Wu Sangui and Manchu forces , setting fire to parts of the Forbidden City in the process . 
 A complication is that there are various descriptions of the scope of the Hebrides . The Collins Encyclopedia of Scotland describes the Inner Hebrides as lying " east of the Minch " , which would include any and all offshore islands . There are various islands that lie in the sea lochs such as Eilean <unk> and Eilean Donan that might not ordinarily be described as " Hebridean " , but no formal definitions exist . 
 2011 : National Youth Peace Prize 
 The Daily Express hailed their success with two articles , " The Killers Who Stalk By Night " . Needing a rest , the squadron was withdrawn to Yorkshire . On 31 July MacLachlan was posted to 59 Operational Training Unit ( OTU ) as an instructor . While there he and Kuttelwascher were decorated with the Czechoslovak War Cross by the exiled President of Czechoslovakia Edvard Beneš on 11 August 1942 . Before he left , MacLachlan had the opportunity to fly the Hawker Typhoon which was to replace 1 Squadron 's ageing Hurricanes . 
 Lepidoptera feature prominently in <unk> as food items on almost every continent . While in most cases , adults , larvae or pupae are eaten as staples by indigenous people , <unk> or silkworm pupae are eaten as a snack in Korean cuisine while <unk> worm is considered a delicacy in Mexico . In the <unk> region of Italy , children catch and eat <unk> of the toxic Zygaena moths in early summer . The <unk> , despite having a very low cyanogenic content , serve as a convenient , supplementary source of sugar to the children who can include this resource as a seasonal delicacy at minimum risk . 
 Soma Records released a previously unpublished Daft Punk track called " Drive " that was made while the duo was still with Soma Records and recording " Rollin ' and Scratchin ' " and " Da Funk " . The track was included in a twentieth anniversary multi @-@ artist compilation of the Soma label . In October 2011 , Daft Punk placed 28th in a " top @-@ 100 DJs of 2011 " list by DJ Magazine after appearing at position 44 in the year before . On 19 January 2012 , Daft Punk ranked No. 2 on Mixmag 's Greatest Dance Acts of All Time , with The Prodigy at No. 1 by just a few points . 
 On 3 June 1915 , Howell enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force for service in the First World War . Allotted to the 7th Reinforcements of the 1st Battalion as a private , he embarked from Sydney for Egypt on 14 July aboard HMAT Orsova . Joining the 1st Battalion at Gallipoli on 1 November , Howell served on the peninsula until the Allied evacuation the following month . Returning to Egypt , the battalion spent several months training in the desert in preparation for service on the Western Front . 
 The 172 IBCT deployed to Afghanistan in the summer of 2011 . The brigade left behind its " heavy " vehicles , Bradley fighting vehicles and Abrams tanks , for MRAPs . Soldiers will spend some of their time during the deployment patrolling on foot , as their normal heavy tracked vehicles are incompatible with rugged terrain of Afghanistan . . During this deployment the Brigade was responsible for Paktika province along the Pakistani border . One of the more controversial aspects of the deployment was the formation of the first US / Afghan Joint firing base with Afghan National Army Artillery firing in support of U.S. forces in the <unk> district . 
 Released on November 17 , 2006 in North America , the PlayStation 3 is a seventh generation game console from Sony . It competes with the Microsoft Xbox 360 and the Nintendo Wii . The PS3 is the first console in the series to introduce the use of motion @-@ sensing technology through its Sixaxis wireless controller . The console also incorporates a Blu @-@ ray Disc player and features high @-@ definition resolution . The PS3 was originally offered with either a 20 GB or 60 GB hard drive , but over the years its capacity increased in increments available up to 500 GB . The PlayStation 3 has sold over 80 million consoles worldwide as of November 2013 . 
 Among those that Cleveland filmmaker White interviewed to make the film were 13 of the Tuskegee airmen . Several of the Tuskegee Airmen were from the northeast Ohio region . One of the veterans interviewed was Colonel Charles McGee , who had served in World War II , the Korean War and the Vietnam War and whom White said had more combat flight hours than any other American . The film was shot in Billings , Montana . The film was produced to help increase awareness and elicit financial support for The Red Tail Project . The film was produced by Cleveland @-@ based Hemlock Films , which is White 's production company . It was underwritten by the Parker Hannifin Corporation . 
 " Give It 2 Me " received critical acclaim from music critics . Elysa Gardner from USA Today called the song " thumping " and " breathless " , naming it one of the standout tracks of the album . Caryn Ganz of Rolling Stone described " Give It 2 Me " as a " thumpy self @-@ empowerment anthem " . Mark Beech from Bloomberg Television complimented the track 's " insidious beats " . Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine called it " a little careerism on the dance floor " , for the line " Give me a record and I 'll break it " . However , she criticised the " Get stupid " interlude , calling it " plain stupid " . Jon Pareles from The New York Times , and Alexis Petridis of The Guardian , compared the song with Rick James ' " Super Freak " ( 1981 ) . Mark Savage from BBC described the song as " one of the [ Hard Candy ] record 's few out @-@ and @-@ out pop moments , featuring a cute , bouncy beat , and a sense of humour that has been missing from Madonna 's music since her Dick Tracy days . " Tom Ewing of Pitchfork named the song as one of Hard Candy 's better tracks , possessing the album 's " most urgent tune " , stating that Madonna sings the lyrics " Show me a record and I 'll break it / I can go on and on " over " hard @-@ pushing electro @-@ ska whose keyboards break up trying to keep pace . " 
 Feminist economists point out three main ways of determining the value of unpaid work : the opportunity cost method , replacement cost method , and input @-@ output cost method . The opportunity cost method " uses the wage a person would earn in the market " to see how much value their labor @-@ time has . This method extrapolates from the opportunity cost idea in mainstream economics . 
 Khâm Đức was situated in the northern section of Quảng Tín Province , South Vietnam , in I Corps Tactical Zone . It sat beside National Highway 14 , which paralleled the international border with Laos , and it was surrounded by high mountains on all sides . The Special Forces Camp was named after the main village which was located about 800 meters ( 2 @,@ 600 ft ) to the northeast , and was constructed about mid @-@ way along a 6 @,@ 000 @-@ foot asphalt runway . Before his assassination , President Ngô Đình Diệm had used Khâm Đức as a hunting lodge , so an airfield was constructed there for Diệm 's use . The Khâm Đức Special Forces Camp was under the responsibility of Detachment A @-@ 105 , United States Army 5th Special Forces Group ; the camp functioned as a training centre for CIDG personnel , reconnaissance of enemy movements , and combat operations . The village had 272 inhabitants , most of whom were dependents of the South Vietnamese and Montagnard CIDG soldiers . Ngok Tavak , located about 7 kilometers ( 4 @.@ 3 mi ) southwest of Khâm Đức , was an observation outpost for Detachment A @-@ 105 . Following the loss of Lang Vei , Khâm Đức was the last remaining Special Forces camp adjacent to the Ho Chi Minh Trail in I Corps . In May 1968 , both Ngok Tavak and Khâm Đức were overrun by PAVN forces and American , Australian and South Vietnamese forces had to retreat after being defeated . 
 Philip Nel highlighted the influence of Jane Austen , whom Rowling has greatly admired since the age of twelve . Both novelists encourage re @-@ reading , because details that look insignificant foreshadow important events or characters much later in the story @-@ line – for example Sirius Black is briefly mentioned near the beginning of Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , and then becomes a major character in the third to fifth books . Like Austen 's heroines , Harry often has to re @-@ examine his ideas near the ends of books . Some social behaviour in the Harry Potter books is <unk> of Austen , for example the excited communal reading of letters . Both authors satirise social behaviour and give characters names that express their personalities . However in Nel 's opinion Rowling 's humour is more based on caricature and the names she invents are more like those found in Charles Dickens 's stories , and Amanda Cockrell noted that many of these express their owners ' traits through allusions that run from ancient Roman mythology to eighteenth @-@ century German literature . Rowling , like the Narnia series ' author C.S. Lewis , thinks there is no rigid distinction between stories for children and for adults . Nel also noted that , like many good writers for children , Rowling combines literary genres ‍ — ‌ fantasy , young @-@ adult fiction , boarding school stories , Bildungsroman and many others . 
 The race circuit has many elevation changes , tight corners , and a narrow course that makes it one of the most demanding tracks in Formula One racing . As of 2015 , two drivers have crashed and ended up in the harbour , the most famous being Alberto Ascari in 1955 . Despite the fact that the course has had minor changes several times during its history , it is still considered the ultimate test of driving skills in Formula One , and if it were not already an existing Grand Prix , it would not be permitted to be added to the schedule for safety reasons . Even in 1929 , ' La Vie Automobile ' magazine offered the opinion that " Any respectable traffic system would have covered the track with < < Danger > > sign posts left , right and centre " . 
 In November 2009 , Wallhead scored arguably the most high profile win of his career when he defeated The Ultimate Fighter : United States vs. United Kingdom participant Che Mills at " <unk> At The Manor " in Newport , Wales . The fight , which was seen as " a clash between the UK ’ s two top unsigned welterweights , " was a close fight that was difficult to score for the judges . Mills was able to block Wallhead 's takedown attempts and get back up quickly when Wallhead was successful . In the first round , Wallhead was able to take Mills down and get into side mount , though Mills almost won the first round in the eyes of the judges after a late flurry of strikes . The second round saw Mills use foot stomps and elbows from the clinch , which prevented Wallhead from utilising his wrestling . In the final round , Wallhead continued with takedowns before hitting Mills with elbows . With 45 seconds of the fight remaining , Wallhead was able to cut Mills with his strikes . 
 Representing Russia at the Olympics in August , Kuznetsova reached the quarterfinals before losing to silver @-@ medallist Amélie Mauresmo . She went into the US Open seeded ninth . There , she defeated 14th seed Petrova in the quarterfinals , and in her first Grand Slam semifinal , defeated fifth seed and former champion Davenport , ending the American 's 22 @-@ match winning streak . In the final , Kuznetsova defeated sixth seed Dementieva . Kuznetsova was the first female Russian to win the US Open and the third to win a Grand Slam singles title , following the successes of Myskina and Maria Sharapova earlier in the year . Meanwhile , Kuznetsova teamed with Likhovtseva to reach the final of the doubles tournament before losing there to Suarez and Ruano Pascual , marking Kuznetsova 's fourth consecutive defeat by the pair in Grand Slams . Kuznetsova , however , climbed again to No. 3 on 13 September , after her loss in Los Angeles in early July . Kuznetsova continued her success by winning the Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic in Bali , Indonesia defeating Marlene <unk> in the final . In the doubles she reached with Arantxa @-@ Sánchez Vicario the final , losing to Anastasia Myskina and Ai Sugiyama . This improved her singles ranking to a new high of world No. 5 , but worsen her doubles ranking to No. 4 on 20 September . The following week , at the China Open in Beijing , Kuznetsova defeated Wimbledon champion Sharapova in the semifinals to extend her winning streak to 14 matches . However , she lost in the final to Serena Williams . Making her debut at the season @-@ ending WTA Championships in Los Angeles , Kuznetsova lost two of three matches in the preliminary round @-@ robin stage and exited before the semifinals . Kuznetsova finished the season as world No. 5 . 
 In Taft 's annual message sent to Congress in December 1910 , he urged a free trade accord for Canada . Britain at that time still handled Canada 's foreign relations , and Taft found the British and Canadian governments willing . Many in Canada opposed an accord , fearing the U.S. would dump it when convenient as it had the 1854 Elgin @-@ Marcy Treaty in 1866 , and American farm and fisheries interests were also opposed . After January 1911 talks with Canadian officials , Taft had the agreement , which was not a treaty , introduced into Congress and it passed in late July . The Canadian Parliament , led by Prime Minister Sir Wilfrid Laurier , had deadlocked over the issue . Canadians turned Laurier out of office in the September 1911 election . No cross @-@ border agreement was concluded , and the debate deepened divisions in the Republican Party . 
 On 12 August , Tranmere were knocked out of the League Cup after a home defeat to the Championship side Nottingham Forest through a single first half goal . Rovers played with a numerical advantage for almost the whole second half after Michael <unk> was sent off . In the next two games Tranmere was defeated by Shrewsbury Town 1 – 2 after two late goals and earned their first win and clean sheet at Wycombe Wanderers by scoring a goal either side of half @-@ time . On 18 August , Edwards added to the squad with the first loan signing of the season , bringing young Saint Lucian defender <unk> <unk> over from Aston Villa until January 2015 . Tranmere were defeated at home by Cheltenham Town 2 – 3 despite leading 2 – 0 at half @-@ time . The first month of the season was concluded with a victory against 10 @-@ man Morecambe . Both goals were scored by Cole Stockton who extended his contract with Tranmere earlier that week till the summer of 2017 . 
 Ebsary played in the Women 's Big Bash League in the 2015 / 2016 season for the Adelaide Strikers Women 's team . 
 Prior to being under State control , the section between Sears Point and Vallejo was known as the Sears Point Toll Road , a toll road managed by Golden Gate Ferry that was built over an ancient Native American trail . When it was purchased by the State in 1938 , tolls were removed ; it then became signed as State Route 48 until 1964 . 
 However , the ballads were not published with any music , and though they were quickly adapted to be sung , new musical settings were written ; a musical setting by Walter Damrosch was described as " Teddy Roosevelt 's favourite song " , and is sometimes encountered on its own as a tune entitled They 're Hanging Danny Deever in the Morning . To date , at least a dozen published recordings are known , made from 1893 to 1985 . 
 Over 40 species of mammals have been documented , including the black bear , cougar , bobcat , beaver , river otter , black @-@ tailed deer , elk , and coyote . Along the coastline , California sea lions , Steller sea lions and harbor seals live near the shore and on <unk> , rocky outcroppings forming small islands just off the coast . Dolphins and Pacific gray whales are occasionally seen offshore . Roosevelt elk are the most readily observed of the large mammals in the park . Successful herds , brought back from the verge of extinction in the region , are now a common site in park areas south of the Klamath River . Many smaller mammals live in the high forest canopy . Different species of bats , such as the big brown bat , and other smaller mammals including the red squirrel and northern flying squirrel spend most of their lives well above the forest floor . 
 Insane Clown Posse sued the FBI , whose National Gang Intelligence Center listed Juggalos as " a loosely organized hybrid gang " in a 2011 report . The report states that Juggalos are " recognized as a gang in only four states ... law enforcement officials in at least 21 states have identified criminal Juggalo sub @-@ sets " . The report also noted that New Mexico was seeing a lot of Juggalo gang expansion due to their attraction to " the tribal and cultural traditions of the Native Americans " . The lawsuit asks for the documents that the FBI used to reach this conclusion ; in August 2013 , federal authorities had " filed a motion to dismiss the case , saying they had already released several news media reports about Juggalos involved in criminal activity " . The American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan is working with ICP 's lawyers in order " to ensure the right of Juggalos everywhere to gather together and express their support of the I.C.P. without having to worry about being unfairly targeted and harassed by law enforcement " . On January 8 , 2014 , Insane Clown Posse , along with the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan , filed suit again against the FBI . The suit aims to have Juggalos no longer considered to be a gang and to have any " criminal intelligence information " about Juggalos destroyed . ICP announced in the edition of December 21 , 2012 of the Hatchet Herald that they will be releasing a sideshow EP to The Mighty Death Pop ! in 2013 . After no word was heard on the album , it was speculated that it had been scrapped . In mid 2013 it was announced that ICP would be releasing their first ever box set titled The First Six . After the release date came and passed , The First Six was not released . In a February 2014 interview with <unk> , the question was asked if we would be able to get the box set . ICP thought it had already been released . Dog Beats ( the first ever release on Psychopathic Records ) was set to be the bonus album in the box set , ICP went back and decided to put House of Wax in the box set instead . The First Six was set to be released on October 28 , 2014 . After a minor setback , was ultimately released on November 25 , 2014 . 
 Fingerprints : The Best of Powderfinger , 1994 @-@ 2000 was received well by reviewers . Sputnikmusic contributor <unk> gave the album a perfect five , describing it as " perfect way to introduce you " to the band . New song " Bless My Soul " was seen in a positive light , with the comment " it has a great opening , with neat little guitar fills popping up all over the place " . However , the reviewer dislike " Process This " , stating the song had " a try @-@ hard feel about it " . 
 Nine Inch Nails ' record label at the time , Interscope Records , reportedly refused to fund the promotional tour following The Fragile 's lukewarm sales . Reznor instead committed himself to fund the entire tour out of his own pocket , concluding that " The reality is , I ’ m broke at the end of the tour , " but also adding " I will never present a show that isn ’ t fantastic . " 
 Spielberg typically keeps the plot points of his films closely guarded before their release , and Minority Report was no different . He said he had to remove some scenes , and a few " F @-@ words " to get the film 's PG @-@ 13 rating . Following the disappointing box office results of Spielberg 's A.I. , the marketing campaign for Minority Report downplayed his role in the movie and sold the film as a Cruise action thriller . 
 The Oil Sharks ( 1933 ) 
 The American bittern is a solitary bird , and although common in much of its range , usually keeps itself well @-@ hidden and is difficult to observe . It usually hunts by walking stealthily in shallow water and among the vegetation , stalking its prey , but sometimes stands still , in ambush . If it senses that it has been seen , the American bittern remains motionless , with its bill pointed upward , its cryptic coloration causing it to blend into the surrounding foliage . It is mainly nocturnal and is most active at dusk . More often heard than seen , the male bittern has a loud , booming call that resembles a congested pump , and which has been rendered as " <unk> , <unk> , <unk> " . While uttering this sound , the bird 's head is thrown convulsively upward and then forward , and the sound is repeated up to seven times . 
 He is the only male player to date to have won Olympic Gold and the US Open in the same calendar year , as well as the third man to hold the Gold Medal and two majors on different surfaces ( after Andre Agassi and Rafael Nadal ) . Subsequent to his success at the Olympics and Wimbledon , Murray was voted the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year . In the 2016 Gentlemen 's Singles , Murray won his second Wimbledon title , beating Canadian Milos Raonic to become the first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1935 . 
 Arsenal began their defence of the league title against Everton on 15 August 2004 . Fàbregas was named in the first eleven ; at 17 years 103 days he became the club 's youngest ever Premier League player . It was Bergkamp on his 500th league appearance who opened the scoring for Arsenal and Reyes made it 2 – 0 , heading the ball in from Fredrik Ljungberg 's cross . Ljungberg added a third goal in the second half and in spite of the team conceding moments after , Robert Pirès scored Arsenal 's fourth in the 83rd minute . Shortly before the kick @-@ off at home to Middlesbrough the following weekend , the club was presented a golden replica of the Premier League trophy , to commemorate their unbeaten season . In the match , Henry gave Arsenal the lead , which was cancelled out before half time by Joseph @-@ Désiré Job 's goal @-@ bound effort . Four minutes after the interval , Franck Queudrue exploited an error from defender Pascal Cygan and in turn passed the ball to Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink , who " finish [ ed ] with perfect brutality " . Queudrue scored to put Middlesbrough 3 – 1 up in the 53rd minute , but Bergkamp replied with a goal for Arsenal a minute later . The home team completed the comeback with further goals by Reyes , Pirès and Henry . Wenger afterwards admitted Arsenal 's defending was poor , but said their attacking threat made up for their deficiencies . The 5 – 3 win meant Arsenal equalled Nottingham Forest 's record of 42 league matches undefeated . Three days later , the team beat Blackburn Rovers 3 – 0 to set a new record . Arsenal at the end of the month travelled to Norwich City , where three first half goals set the team on the way to a 4 – 1 victory . The win ended Norwich 's eight @-@ month undefeated record at Carrow Road . 
 Piłsudski became increasingly disillusioned with democracy in Poland . His intemperate public utterances — he called the Sejm a " prostitute " – and his sending ninety armed officers into the Sejm building in response to an impending vote of no @-@ confidence , caused concern in contemporary and modern @-@ day observers who have seen his actions as setting precedents for authoritarian responses to political challenges . 
 On 5 May , Sands died in the prison hospital on the sixty @-@ sixth day of his hunger strike , prompting rioting in nationalist areas of Northern Ireland . Humphrey Atkins issued a statement saying that Sands had committed suicide " under the instructions of those who felt it useful to their cause that he should die " . Over 100 @,@ 000 people lined the route of his funeral , which was conducted with full IRA military honours . Margaret Thatcher showed no sympathy for his death , telling the House of Commons that " Mr. Sands was a convicted criminal . He chose to take his own life . It was a choice that his organisation did not allow to many of its victims " . 
 In the episode , Homer builds a scary clown @-@ shaped bed for Bart. The scene was inspired by Mike Reiss , whose dad had built him a clown @-@ shaped bed when he was younger , and just like Bart , Reiss was scared of sleeping in it . As the flashback begins in 1983 , a young Homer strolls down the street , singing Cyndi Lauper 's song " Girls Just Want to Have Fun " , which was released the same year . The idea for this sequence came from animation director Chuck Sheetz , who suggested it because the length of the final version of the episode was too short . The Fox censors wrote a note concerning Homer 's line , " Bart can kiss my hairy , yellow butt ! " after Marge tells Homer that Bart might be jealous of baby Lisa , citing that the line is considered " coarse " , due to the fact that Bart was two during the flashback . 
 GR continues to be used by some teachers of Chinese . In 2000 , the Princeton Chinese Primer series was published in both GR and Pinyin versions . 
 Understanding the importance of the Indian Ocean trade and seeking to threaten it from the start of the inevitable war , First Consul Napoleon Bonaparte ordered a squadron to sail for India in March 1803 . This force was under the command of Contre @-@ Admiral Charles @-@ Alexandre Durand Linois and consisted of the ship of the line Marengo and three frigates . Linois operated from the island base of Île de France with orders to attack British shipping once war had begun . Sailing initially to Pondicherry in India , Linois had a close encounter with a British squadron under Rear @-@ Admiral Peter Rainier during July , but was at Île de France in August when news arrived that the Napoleonic Wars had started on 16 May . Determined to fortify the French raiding bases in the region , Linois landed troops and supplies at Réunion and Batavia . During the operation he despatched the frigate Atalante to Muscat , captured numerous individual country ships , and burned the British trading post of Bencoolen . On 10 December he anchored at Batavia for the winter . Shortly thereafter , informants passed to Batavia the composition and date of departure of the British " China Fleet " , leading Linois to set out to intercept it . On 28 December , Linois 's squadron — consisting of Marengo , frigates Belle Poule and Sémillante , the corvette Berceau and the Dutch brig Aventurier — departed Batavia . The ships carried six months worth of provisions as Linois had anticipated an extended patrol in the approaches to the Strait of Malacca in the South China Sea . 
 Personnel 
 However , baseball took its toll on Flick . Before the 1907 season , he considered retiring to pursue other business opportunities . By 1908 , he developed stomach problems . Cleveland personnel initially said that the illness was related to Flick 's overeating . He left training camp that year , complaining of " train sickness " , and returned home to Cleveland . He missed the majority of the 1908 season , playing in only nine games . He missed the beginning of the 1909 season as well , as a doctor recommended Flick have his appendix removed . Now weighing 130 pounds ( 59 kg ) , Flick was afraid of a bad outcome from the surgery , which was a significant risk at the time . He kept his appendix and played in 66 games , batting .255 . He played in another 24 games in the 1910 season before he was again sidelined by his stomach ailment . 
 He was highly regarded as a scientist by the British , who wanted him to return to the United Kingdom to work on Britain 's post @-@ war nuclear weapons program ; he returned in August 1946 and became the head of the Theoretical Physics Division at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment at Harwell . From late 1947 to May 1949 he gave Alexander Feklisov , his Soviet case officer , the principal theoretical outline for creating a hydrogen bomb and the initial drafts for its development as the work progressed in England and America . Meeting with Feklisov six times , he provided the results of the test at Eniwetok Atoll of uranium and plutonium bombs and the key data on production of uranium @-@ 235 . 
 Hurt by losses to the Akron Pros , the Triangles did not contend for the APFA trophy in 1920 . The Triangles ' performance of 5 – 2 – 2 would be the team 's best before folding in 1929 . Sportswriter Bruce Copeland compiled the 1920 All Pro team ; no players made the first team , Sacksteder made the second team , and Bacon made the third team . As of 2012 , no players from the 1920 Dayton Triangles were enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame . 
 Phase change materials such as paraffin wax and Glauber 's salt are another thermal storage medium . These materials are inexpensive , readily available , and can deliver domestically useful temperatures ( approximately 64 ° C or 147 ° F ) . The " Dover House " ( in Dover , Massachusetts ) was the first to use a Glauber 's salt heating system , in 1948 . Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures using molten salts . Salts are an effective storage medium because they are low @-@ cost , have a high specific heat capacity and can deliver heat at temperatures compatible with conventional power systems . The Solar Two project used this method of energy storage , allowing it to store 1 @.@ 44 terajoules ( 400 @,@ 000 kWh ) in its 68 m ³ storage tank with an annual storage efficiency of about 99 % . 
 2013 : # 26 Gary Barbaro , S 
 Katharine <unk> of Salon.com recommends that childless people adopt VHEMT 's arguments when facing " probing questions " about their childlessness . Writing in the Journal for Critical Animal Studies , Carmen Dell <unk> notes that VHEMT seeks to renounce children as a symbol of perpetual human progress . She casts the movement as a form of " queer oppositional politics " because it rejects perpetual reproduction as a form of motivation . She argues that the movement seeks to come to a new definition of " civil order " , as Lee Edelman suggested that queer theory should . Dell <unk> believes that VHEMT fulfills Edelman 's mandate because they embody the death drive rather than ideas that focus on the reproduction of the past . 
 John Smith 's is a major sponsor of horse racing in the United Kingdom . It has sponsored the Northumberland Plate since 2003 , and more than 90 " No Nonsense " race days are held throughout the year at 28 jump and flat racecourses across the UK . The brand has sponsored the John Smith 's Cup ( originally the Magnet Cup until 1998 ) at York since 1960 , which is the longest running sponsorship in flat racing in the world . 
 Hordern cited Saint 's Day 's negative publicity as having done his career " the power of good " as it brought him to the attention of the director Glen Byam Shaw , who cast him in a series of plays at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in 1951 . Among the roles were Caliban in The Tempest , Jaques in As You Like It , and Sir Politick Would @-@ Be in Ben Jonson 's comedy Volpone . Hordern claimed to know very little about the bard 's works and sought advice from friends about how best to prepare for the roles . The same year , he travelled down to <unk> Studios , Walton @-@ on @-@ Thames , to film Scrooge , an adaptation of Charles Dickens 's A Christmas Carol , in which he played Marley 's ghost . Reviews were mixed with The New York Times giving it a favourable write @-@ up , while Time magazine remained ambivalent . The Aberdeen Evening Express echoed the comments made by an American reviewer by calling Scrooge a " trenchant and inspiring Christmas show " . The author Fred Guida , writing in his book Christmas Carol and Its Adaptations : A Critical Examination in 2000 , thought that Marley 's ghost , though a " small but pivotal role " , was " brilliantly played " by Hordern . 
 From the 1930s , a revival of the form took place across the English @-@ speaking world , led by poets such as W. H. Auden , and the 1950s were described as the " age of the sestina " by James E. B. Breslin . " Sestina : <unk> " by Ezra Pound and " <unk> <unk> " by W. H. Auden are distinguished modern examples of the sestina . The sestina remains a popular closed verse form , and many sestinas continue to be written by contemporary poets ; notable examples include " The Guest Ellen at the Supper for Street People " by David Ferry and " IVF " by Kona Macphee . 
 The DRFLA was undermined by its links with the Iraqi government after it emerged that Iraq had sponsored the training and equipping of the hostage @-@ takers . The Iran – Iraq War started five months after the end of the siege and continued for eight years . The campaign for autonomy of Khūzestān was largely forgotten in the wake of the hostilities , as was the DRFLA . 
 Sunset Overdrive received positive reviews . It received aggregated scores of 83 % from GameRankings based on 63 reviews and 81 / 100 from Metacritic based on 89 reviews . 
 In early editions of the setting , The Realms shared a unified cosmology with various other campaign settings called the Great Wheel . In this way each of the Dungeons & Dragons campaign settings were linked together to form one interwoven world connected by various planes of existence . With the release of the 2001 Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting , the setting was given its own distinct and separate cosmological arrangement , with unique planes not explicitly connected to those of the other settings . 
 The addax has 29 pairs of chromosomes . All chromosomes are acrocentric except for the first pair of autosomes , which are submetacentric . The X chromosome is the largest of the acrocentric chromosomes , and the Y chromosome is medium @-@ sized . The short and long arms of the pair of submetacentric autosomes correspond respectively to the 27th and 1st chromosomes in cattle and goats . In a study , the banding patterns of chromosomes in addax were found to be similar to those in four other species of the subfamily Hippotraginae . 
 Studio albums 
 Recording and mixing 
 The Kaiser @-@ class ships were the first German battleships to be powered by turbines . They used turbines from several different manufacturers as the Reichsmarineamt and German shipyards attempted to find an alternative to a Parsons turbine monopoly . Nevertheless , Kaiser and Kaiserin were both equipped with three sets of Parsons turbines . Friedrich der Grosse had three sets of AEG @-@ Curtis turbines , while König Albert was powered by Schichau turbines . The turbines drove three @-@ bladed screws that were 3 @.@ 75 m ( 12 @.@ 3 ft ) in diameter , providing a design speed of 21 knots ( 39 km / h ; 24 mph ) . The ships had two rudders . 
 The memorial took eleven years and $ 1 @.@ 5 million ( $ 20 @.@ 9 million in present terms ) to build and was unveiled on 26 July 1936 by King Edward VIII , in the presence of President Albert Lebrun of France and 50 @,@ 000 or more Canadian and French veterans and their families . Starting in 2004 , the monument underwent a major multi @-@ year restoration project , which included general cleaning and the <unk> of many inscribed names . Queen Elizabeth II rededicated the restored monument on 9 April 2007 during a ceremony commemorating the 90th anniversary of the battle . Veterans Affairs Canada maintains the memorial site . 
 Escaping the Phantom Zone , Zod and his crew travel to Earth after intercepting a transmission from the scout vessel . Deducing that Kal @-@ El is nearby , they broadcast a global address demanding that he surrender or risk war . Clark meets with the U.S. Army and agrees to comply , with Lois joining him as a hostage . Zod reveals that he possesses advanced terraforming equipment salvaged from Kryptonian outposts , which he intends to use to transform Earth into a new Krypton . His science officer , Jax @-@ Ur , extracts Clark 's genes to create Kryptonian colonists who will exterminate humanity and build a society based on Zod 's ideals of genetic purity . With help from Jor @-@ El , Clark and Lois escape and warn the Army , just as Zod orders an invasion . 
 Cinematographer Robert Richardson was a week and a half into shooting City of Hope for John Sayles when he got word that Stone was thinking about making JFK . By the time principal photography wrapped on City of Hope , Richardson was ready to make Stone 's film . To prepare , Richardson read up on various JFK assassination books starting with On the Trail of the Assassins and Crossfire : The Plot That Killed Kennedy . 
 Lower oxidation states ( + 2 , + 1 , 0 ) have also been observed in <unk> compounds . 
 Several animal species have been introduced to Everglades waterways . Many tropical fish are released , the most detrimental being the blue tilapia ( Oreochromis aureus ) , which builds large nests in shallow waters . Tilapia also consume vegetation which would normally be used by young native fishes for cover and protection . 
 The 10th Division was disbanded in 1916 , and its brigades assigned to other formations . The 28th Indian Brigade was assigned to the 7th ( Meerut ) Division in 1915 ; the 29th Indian Brigade served as an independent brigade in the Gallipoli campaign , and then disbanded in June 1917 ; and the 30th Indian Brigade was first assigned to the 12th Indian Division in April 1915 , then transferred to the 6th ( Poona ) Division in September 1915 and was captured in the fall of Kut . 
 Azotobacter species have a full range of enzymes needed to perform the nitrogen fixation : <unk> , <unk> , and an important enzyme nitrogenase . The process of nitrogen fixation requires an influx of energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate . Nitrogen fixation is highly sensitive to the presence of oxygen , so Azotobacter developed a special defensive mechanism against oxygen , namely a significant intensification of metabolism that reduces the concentration of oxygen in the cells . Also , a special nitrogenase @-@ protective protein protects nitrogenase and is involved in protecting the cells from oxygen . Mutants not producing this protein are killed by oxygen during nitrogen fixation in the absence of a nitrogen source in the medium . <unk> ions play a certain role in the processes of nitrogen fixation by Azotobacter . 
 The National Institute of Neurological and <unk> Disorders and Stroke ( NINCDS ) and the Alzheimer 's Disease and Related Disorders Association ( ADRDA , now known as the Alzheimer 's Association ) established the most commonly used NINCDS @-@ ADRDA Alzheimer 's Criteria for diagnosis in 1984 , extensively updated in 2007 . These criteria require that the presence of cognitive impairment , and a suspected dementia syndrome , be confirmed by neuropsychological testing for a clinical diagnosis of possible or probable AD . A histopathologic confirmation including a microscopic examination of brain tissue is required for a definitive diagnosis . Good statistical reliability and validity have been shown between the diagnostic criteria and definitive <unk> confirmation . Eight cognitive domains are most commonly impaired in AD — memory , language , perceptual skills , attention , constructive abilities , orientation , problem solving and functional abilities . These domains are equivalent to the NINCDS @-@ ADRDA Alzheimer 's Criteria as listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM @-@ IV @-@ TR ) published by the American Psychiatric Association . 
 Arguably the most important of the Ten Wings is the Great Commentary ( <unk> ) or Xi ci , which dates to roughly 300 BC . The Great Commentary describes the I Ching as a microcosm of the universe and a symbolic description of the processes of change . By partaking in the spiritual experience of the I Ching , the Great Commentary states , the individual can understand the deeper patterns of the universe . Among other subjects , it explains how the eight trigrams proceeded from the eternal oneness of the universe through three <unk> . The other Wings provide different perspectives on essentially the same viewpoint , giving ancient , cosmic authority to the I Ching . For example , the <unk> provides a moral interpretation that parallels the first two hexagrams , <unk> ( <unk> ) and <unk> ( <unk> ) , with Heaven and Earth , and the <unk> attributes to the symbolic function of the hexagrams the ability to understand self , world , and destiny . Throughout the Ten Wings , there are passages that seem to purposefully increase the ambiguity of the base text , pointing to a recognition of multiple layers of symbolism . 
 The hurricane accelerated on a trajectory toward the central U.S. Gulf Coast , sliding south of the Florida Panhandle . During the afternoon of September 1 , the hurricane attained its peak intensity , with winds of 125 mph ( 205 km / h ) as confirmed by reconnaissance aircraft . On the morning of September 2 , Elena approached coastal Mississippi from the east @-@ southeast , still at major hurricane status . It came ashore close to Biloxi , which was coincidentally within the hurricane 's first forecast destination range before its extended detour . Once inland , the hurricane immediately deteriorated , weakening to a tropical storm just hours after landfall , and its center rapidly filled . The system curved northwestward over Mississippi and Louisiana , and despite weakening , it continued to ignite thunderstorm activity which spawned heavy rains . Elena persisted for several days before degenerating into a remnant area of low pressure on September 4 . Its associated cloud structure became distorted on September 5 , and dissipated over Kentucky that same night . 
 Miles Morales is available as a team @-@ up character in Marvel Heroes 2016 . 
 Set in the fictional Star Wars galaxy and inspired by the Star Wars : X @-@ wing Rogue Squadron comics , the game takes place primarily between events in the films Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back . The player controls Luke Skywalker , commander of the elite X @-@ wing pilots known as Rogue Squadron . As the game progresses , Skywalker and Rogue Squadron fight the Galactic Empire in sixteen missions across various planets . 
 Famous Persons and Places ( 1854 ) 
 Most of the capital used by Glazer to purchase Manchester United came in the form of loans , the majority of which were secured against the club 's assets , incurring interest payments of over £ 60 million per annum . The remainder came in the form of PIK loans ( payment in kind loans ) , which were later sold to hedge funds . Manchester United was not liable for the PIKs , which were held by Red Football Joint Venture and were secured on that company 's shares in Red Football ( and thus the club ) . The interest on the PIKs rolled up at 14 @.@ 25 % per annum . Despite this , the Glazers did not pay down any of the PIK loans in the first five years they owned the club . In January 2010 , the club carried out a successful £ 500 million bond issue , and by March 2010 , the PIKs stood at around £ 207 million . The PIKs were eventually paid off in November 2010 by unspecified means . In August 2012 , as part of further refinancing , the Glazers sold a number of shares in Manchester United in an initial public offering ( IPO ) on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) . 
 On January 19 , 2012 , it was announced that Jane Addams Hull House Association would close in the spring of 2012 and file for bankruptcy due to financial difficulties , after 122 years . On Friday , January 27 , 2012 , Hull House closed unexpectedly and all employees received their final paychecks . Employees learned at time of closing that they would not receive severance pay or earned vacation pay or healthcare coverage . Union officials said that the agency closed while owing employees more than $ 27 @,@ 000 in unpaid expense reimbursement claims . The University of Illinois at Chicago 's Jane Addams Hull @-@ House Museum ( unaffiliated with the agency ) , however , will remain open . 
 In September 1944 , the Hungarian authorities began evacuating the Székelys settled in the occupied territories since 1941 to Transdanubia . Several days after the Soviet Red Army entered the Banat on 1 October 1944 , the Germans began the evacuation of Bačka , including the local Volksdeutsche . With the advance of the Partisans and the Red Army , some of the Volksdeutsche left the region while some others stayed , despite the situation . 
 The last bit of news yesterday morning is the King 's anger against Eliza Wednesday ( yesterday ) night for being impudent to him . He threw a chair at her head and a <unk> also , which made a great cut on the side of her head . The nearest Doctor was sent for [ and ] both McGrew and McKibbin arrived . It seems the King told her to come to bed — she replied what right has a dog or a bitch there , which instantly gave vent to his ill temper that he had been brooding some days , and used a word of four letters belonging only to <unk> . She retorted , " Oh , I suppose that is what you eat to exist on . " This brought the King 's rage to an instant climax and [ he ] threw the articles at her head . I had intended to call yesterday to see how he continues to improve , but this domestic fracas of the Royal household puts it out of the question , till a few days more when the King will be settled and not so upset . 
 Sverdrup returned to Sverdrup & Parcel , but with much less personal involvement than before , as Grant was now running the company , which was incorporated in 1946 . That year it was awarded the contract for a complex of wind tunnels at the Arnold Engineering Development Center , with a fee in excess of $ 1 million . Sverdrup & Parcel continued , becoming Sverdrup Civil , and more recently Jacobs Sverdrup , a portion of one of the world 's largest civil engineering groups . In the 1960s , Sverdrup Civil oversaw the successful design and construction of the additional " parallel trestles " of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge @-@ Tunnel ( CBBT ) , doubling the non @-@ tunnel sections , adding the capacity of two more lanes and adding emergency turnouts to the bridge @-@ tunnel facility . The CBBT was still the longest in the world 30 years after Leif Sverdrup and his company completed the original project . However the company image was tarnished in August 2005 by the effect of Hurricane Katrina on the Louisiana Superdome , which Sverdrup & Parcel had been involved in designing , and the collapse of Sverdrup & Parcel 's I @-@ 35W Mississippi River bridge across the Mississippi River at Minneapolis , Minnesota , on 1 August 2007 . 
 By July 30 , the 24th Infantry had withdrawn to the last defensible high ground west of Sangju , 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) from the town . The North Korean troops hit the regiment with heavy attacks beginning at 05 : 00 that morning , targeting the 3rd Battalion 's forward positions . Overstretched , lacking reserves and plagued by stragglers , the regiment began to come apart and senior commanders had to personally move into the front lines to help resist the Korean advance with their sidearms . The regiment had deteriorated so badly by this time that General Kean recalled the 1st Battalion , 35th Infantry , and placed it in defensive positions behind the 24th Infantry , to hold the line when the 24th withdrew . The next day North Koreans again pressed against the regiment 's forward line of resistance . First Lieutenant Leon A. Gilbert , commanding A Company , and about 15 men then quit the forward line . White and other ranking officers ordered Gilbert back into position , but he refused to go , saying that he was scared . The senior noncommissioned officer returned to the forward position with the men . After regimental commanders pleaded unsuccessfully with Gilbert to return to his position , he was arrested and tried for desertion under fire , a capital offense , and sentenced to death . His sentence was later reduced to 17 years in prison , but he served only five of them . 
 A related claim is that natural selection is tautological . Specifically , it is often argued that the phrase " survival of the fittest " is a tautology , in that fitness is defined as ability to survive and reproduce . However , this phrase , first used by Herbert Spencer in 1864 , is rarely used by biologists . Additionally , fitness is more accurately defined as the state of possessing traits that make survival more likely ; this definition , unlike simple " survivability , " avoids being trivially true . 
 The bridge is just upstream of the confluence of the Little Loyalsock and Loyalsock Creeks . This was known as the " forks of the Loyalsock " and gave Forks Township its name when the township was incorporated in 1833 , while still part of Lycoming County . Sullivan County was formed from part of Lycoming County on March 14 , 1847 , and the bridge was built in 1850 . The name of the bridge comes from the community of Forksville , which is on land first settled in 1794 , was laid out as a village in 1854 , and was incorporated as a borough from part of Forks Township on December 22 , 1880 . 
 To further the mystery element and add an international twist to the story , Nixon scripted Dimitri as having close European roots , though he is an American . He is the son of Hungarian parents , Hugo and Anna . Originally , his wealth comes from all the land around Pine Valley and the One Life to Live city Llanview , which he inherits from his parents . That is also where his fictional estate , Wildwind , is located . Later , during Dimitri 's 1992 story with Erica Kane , he is revealed to also be Hungarian nobility as Count <unk> . He inherited his title and his Hungarian castle , <unk> , from his father 's side . Both of his parents were dead by the time Dimitri first appears on All My Children . He spends his childhood years growing up in Europe and on the Wildwind estate . He has a complicated relationship with Edmund Gresham , the son of two of his family 's employees , unknown to Dimitri to be his half @-@ brother . His childhood sweetheart was Angelique <unk> , the daughter of his nanny , Helga . Helga later becomes his housekeeper . Fifteen years prior to Dimitri 's appearance on @-@ screen , he and Angelique married . Angelique becomes pregnant but suffers a miscarriage which devastates both of them . Angelique has a riding accident which leaves her in a coma . Dimitri tries to find a cure , but is unable to and sends her to a clinic in Austria . He becomes reclusive for the next decade because of the guilt he feels over her condition . Finding Natalie in 1991 brings him out into society again . 
 Aside from Captain Mends on Arethusa , casualties were severe on both sides . Amethyst had eight killed and 37 wounded from a crew of 222 , while the French ship lost 47 killed and 73 wounded from a crew of 339 . <unk> among the British officers began within minutes of the French surrender : Mends took possession of Niémen and sent a note to Seymour informing him that he had seized the valuable French nautical charts and the French captain 's personal stores . The note also requested that Seymour send back Arethusa 's surgeon , who had gone aboard Amethyst to assist with the wounded , so that Mends could be ready to leave without notice . Seymour , who was still effecting hasty repairs and dealing with his casualties , responded angrily , forcing Mends to back down and return the stores . Seymour was also annoyed by Mends ' late arrival , which meant that Arethusa was entitled to half the prize money from the captured frigate without having done any of the fighting . Repairs were completed on 7 April , and Amethyst and Niémen limped back to Plymouth , arriving on 13 April . 
 Virginia Tech kicked off the 1996 season in Akron , Ohio , against the Akron Zips . The Hokies were nearly upset by the Zips , but eventually won the game , 21 – 18 . Tech dropped in rank due to the close finish , and traveled next to Boston , Massachusetts to play the Boston College Eagles . In a nationally televised game , Tech defeated the Eagles , 45 – 7 . The Hokies followed that win with a home @-@ opening victory against Rutgers , then traveled to Syracuse , New York , to play the Syracuse Orangemen . Though the Hokies lost , 21 – 52 , they recovered to win their final seven games of the regular season , securing a Big East championship and a trip to the Orange Bowl . 
 In 1947 or early 1948 , the Michigan State Highway Department ( MSHD ) closed the gap between the northern and southern segments of M @-@ 65 by adding two " earth " roadways : one between Glennie and M @-@ 72 near Curran and a second between Curran and the Alcona – Alpena county line . By the next year , the northern end of the highway near Posen was moved to eliminate several zig @-@ zagging segments of roadway from the routing ; M @-@ 65 ran due north to terminate at US 23 after the change . In the middle of 1953 , the section of M @-@ 65 / M @-@ 72 in Alcona County was straightened and paved . The MSHD realigned M @-@ 65 from a series of zig @-@ zagging roads to a single set of curves along the Alcona – Alpena county line in late 1961 . At the time this project was completed , all of M @-@ 65 was paved . 
 Farquharson was awarded research fellowships at Massachusetts General Hospital , where he worked with Joseph Charles Aub and William Salter , and at Harvard University before becoming an assistant professor at the University of Toronto . He published papers on the excretion of calcium in response to excessive acid in the body and " liver therapy " ( the consumption of liver ) as a treatment for spinal cord degeneration . In 1931 he married Christina Jane Fraser , with whom he had two daughters : Helen , who became a hematologist , and Catherine Jane . 
 Ray Davies – lead and background vocals , rhythm guitar , keyboards ( harpsichord and piano ) , production 
 Marc Hogan of Pitchfork called the song a " so @-@ wrong @-@ it 's @-@ right collaboration with <unk> Philadelphia DJ / producer Diplo . " Hogan wrote that " It 's here , dancing , with a chorus that Santigold and Gwen Stefani might kill for , that Robyn is free from all the worries that are " killing " her at the album 's start . " Christopher Muther of The Boston Globe wrote that " [ Robyn 's ] take on Jamaican music has the potential to reek of day @-@ old Ace of Bass " , but called it " surprisingly solid " . Noel Gardner of Drowned in Sound called it " frankly peculiar " , and wrote , " It ’ s evidently laced with irony , and is possibly the most fun tune on here " . Luke Lewis of NME wrote a mixed review of the song , stating , " It feels less authentic , especially on ‘ Dancefloor Queen ’ , a misfiring collaboration with Diplo that features the least convincing patois this side of a George Lamb radio show . " 
 V. S. Srinivasa Sastri ( 1941 ) . <unk> ் <unk> ் <unk> ் <unk> ் <unk> ் <unk> ் கள ் ( in Tamil ) . 
 An affiliate of the MTV Network until then , Comedy Central decided , in part due to the success of South Park , to have its own independent sales department . By the end of 1998 , Comedy Central had sold more than $ 150 million worth of merchandise for the show , including T @-@ shirts and dolls . Over the next few years , Comedy Central 's viewership spiked largely due to South Park , adding 3 million new subscribers in the first half of 1998 alone and allowed the network to sign international deals with networks in several countries . 
 There are those who say the key to national survival lies in a decisive battle in the homeland . The experiences of the past , however , show that there has always been a discrepancy between plans and performance . I do not believe that the discrepancy in the case of Kujūkuri can be rectified . Since this is also the shape of things , how can we repel the invaders ? [ He then made some specific reference to the increased destructiveness of the atomic bomb ] 
 The airfield has been involved in several aviation records . On 18 September 1928 , Juan de la Cierva completed the first cross @-@ Channel flight in an autogyro when he landed there after departing from Lympne in a Cierva <unk> <unk> Beardmore completed the first cross @-@ Channel flight in a glider on 19 June 1931 . He took off from Lympne and was towed by an aircraft to an altitude of 14 @,@ 000 ft ( 4 @,@ 300 m ) , landing at Saint @-@ Inglevert after a flight of one and a half hours to the surprise of the airfield manager . The first double crossing of the Channel in a glider was made by Austrian Robert Kronfeld on 20 June . In a glider called Wien , he took off from Saint @-@ Inglevert by means of an aero @-@ tow to an altitude of 5 @,@ 000 ft ( 1 @,@ 500 m ) , and landed at the former RAF Swingfield airfield near Dover , Kent . From Swingfield , another aero @-@ tow to an altitude of 10 @,@ 000 ft ( 3 @,@ 000 m ) enabled him to return to Saint @-@ Inglevert . Kronfeld received a £ 1 @,@ 000 prize from the Daily Mail for his flights , which were verified by the British Gliding Association . On 10 September 1929 , Charles <unk> departed from Saint @-@ Inglevert in a Mauboussin aircraft fitted with an ABC Scorpion engine . The 848 @-@ kilometre ( 527 mi ) flight to Pau set a new Fédération Aéronautique Internationale world record for distance flown by a single seat aircraft weighing less than 200 kg ( 440 lb ) . 
 Henry 's assistant in the Medical Examiner 's office , who expresses uncertainty about how little he knows about his boss , and an uncanny memory for his daily activities . He studied film in college before working in the medical examiner 's office . He makes horror films in his spare time ; in the episode , " The Last Death of Henry Morgan " , Lucas confesses to using the morgue as a set for several of his movies . Lucas tends to use popular culture references in his speech , many of which Henry does not understand . 
 An expanded double disc set edition of Otis Blue was released in 2008 by Rhino Records , which includes both the stereo and mono versions of the album with bonus tracks that include B @-@ sides , live tracks , and previously unreleased alternate mixes . 
 Bill Cody – Commonly known as " Buffalo Bill " , this western showman makes a brief appearance in Part II . 
 Early on September 5 , reconnaissance found a central barometric pressure of 995 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 38 inHg ) , the lowest recorded in relation to the storm . Around this time , Babe also intensified into a hurricane , attaining maximum winds of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . Later that day , Hurricane Babe made landfall near Cocodrie , Louisiana and quickly weakened to a tropical storm . By landfall , the eye of Babe had contracted to roughly 14 mi ( 23 km ) . On September 6 , the storm had weakened to a tropical depression and was moving northeast into Mississippi . The system continued this movement for the following two days . While crossing South Carolina , forecasters thought that the system would emerge into the Atlantic Ocean and regenerate into a tropical depression . However , the remnants of Babe dissipated shortly before crossing into North Carolina early on September 9 . 
 In total , 757 @,@ 813 @,@ 744 dollars dated 1979 were struck for circulation at the Philadelphia , Denver and San Francisco Mints . Demand remained low through 1980 , and the circulation strikes for that year totaled 89 @,@ 660 @,@ 708 . Due to its persistent unpopularity , production of Anthony dollars for circulation was halted , and 9 @,@ 742 @,@ 000 1981 dollars were struck across all three Mints exclusively for sale to collectors ; this mintage marked the end of production . At the close of production , the Treasury encountered a dilemma : the Mint struck a large amount of dollars in anticipation of great public demand , resulting in a surplus of 520 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 coins in 1981 . Melting the coins was impractical ; the cost of manufacture was approximately 2 cents , and the 98 cents earned from seignorage was applied to the national debt . Had the coins been melted , their seignorage would have been added to the debt . Accordingly , the coins were placed in government storage , to be dispensed as needed . 
 In 1904 , Morrow was appointed city attorney for Somerset , serving until 1908 . President William Howard Taft appointed him U.S. District Attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky in 1910 . He continued in this position until he was removed from office by President Woodrow Wilson in 1913 . 
 Four months after replacing Eagleson , Goodenow and the NHLPA launched the first NHL strike on April 1 , 1992 . It lasted ten days and resulted in the players receiving larger playoff bonuses , increased control over the licensing of their likenesses and improved rights to free agency . It also led the owners to dismiss league president John Ziegler and replace him on an interim basis with Gil Stein . Goodenow called the strike a major moment , stating " I don 't think the owners took the players seriously and it wasn 't until the strike that they understood the players were serious . " As part of the deal , the league also agreed to have each team play two games per season for the following two years in neutral site locations , partially to help gauge markets for potential expansion . 
 Since its completion , Central Park has been regarded as one of Perth 's leading premium office towers . However , in the years following its opening Central Park faced a sluggish office rental market and experienced high vacancy rates for several years . The tower now has a stated 66 @,@ 500 m2 ( 716 @,@ 000 sq ft ) of office and retail space across 51 occupied floors . Major current tenants include miners Rio Tinto , <unk> , law firm DLA Piper , and internet service provider Westnet . St George Bank also occupies some space in the building and in mid @-@ 2007 the St George logo was installed at the top of the tower and was removed in mid <unk> in mid 2015 the Rio Tinto logo has been installed on the top four sides of the tower 
 After German reunification he continued to appear in a large number of films , television programmes and theatre productions in Germany and abroad . He proved his ability to take on comic roles in Schtonk ! ( 1991 ) , an Oscar @-@ nominated satire about the Hitler Diaries hoax , and showed his more serious side in Michael Haneke 's Benny 's Video ( 1992 ) , Das Schloss ( The Castle , 1996 ) ( an adaptation of Kafka 's The Castle ( 1922 ) ) and Funny Games ( 1997 ) . In the latter film , Mühe and his third wife Susanne Lothar played a husband and wife held captive in their holiday cabin by two psychotic young men who force them to play sadistic " games " with one another . 
 Weather 
 The most wide @-@ reaching psychological weapon was the radio station known as the " Voice of Liberation . " This station began broadcasting on 1 May 1954 , carrying anti @-@ communist messages , telling its listeners to resist the Árbenz government and support the liberating forces of Castillo Armas . The station claimed to be broadcasting from deep within the jungles of the Guatemalan hinterland , a message which many listeners chose to believe . In actuality , the broadcasts were concocted in Miami by Guatemalan exiles , flown to Central America , and broadcast through a mobile transmitter . The station made an initial broadcast that was repeated four times , after which it took to transmitting two @-@ hour bulletins twice a day . The transmissions were initially only heard intermittently in Guatemala City ; a week later , the CIA significantly increased their transmitting power , allowing clear reception in the Guatemalan capital . The radio broadcasts have been given a lot of credit by historians for the success of the coup , due to the unrest they created through the country . They were unexpectedly assisted by the outage of the government @-@ run radio station , which stopped transmitting for three weeks while a new antenna was being fitted . These transmissions continued throughout the conflict , broadcasting news of rebel troops converging on the capital , and contributing to massive demoralization among both the army and the civilian population . 
 The English localization of Uprising was handled by Nintendo of America 's Nintendo Treehouse localization department . Sakurai gave the localization team " a lot of leeway " for this part of development . Much of the original script 's humor stemmed from the usage of Japanese conversational nuances , which would not have translated properly into English . Because of this , adjustments needed to be made so that it was enjoyable for English speakers . The video game references were taken almost directly from the Japanese script , with some adjustments so they resonated with the Western market . As with other localizations , the team avoided topical references so the scripts would take on a timeless feel . The casting and recording director was Ginny McSwain . Two prominent English cast members were Antony Del Rio , who voices Pit and Dark Pit , and Ali Hillis , who voices Palutena . The majority of the voice recording was done separately , but half the dialogue between Pit and Palutena was recorded by the two actors together before scheduling conflicts forced them to record their lines separately , responding to either voice clips of the other actors or the director reading lines . The European version only included the English dub , as there was no room on the 3DS cartridge to include multiple voice tracks . 
 " Strange Overtones " is a song recorded by David Byrne and Brian Eno , written by the duo with Leo Abrahams . It was released on August 4 , 2008 by means of free download as the lead single from Byrne 's and Eno 's second collaborative studio album Everything That Happens Will Happen Today ( 2008 ) . " Strange Overtones " is an uptempo electronic gospel song , and its lyrics explore the themes of humanity overcoming technology that are central to the album . " Strange Overtones " was well received by critics , and was downloaded 40 @,@ 000 times in its first three days of release . 
 Walker was promoted to brigadier general on 17 June 1942 and was transferred to the Southwest Pacific Area , flying to Australia in the company of Brigadier General Ennis Whitehead , another newly promoted brigadier general . The commander of Allied Air Forces there , Lieutenant General George Brett , aware that he would soon be replaced , sent the two newcomers on an inspection trip . Walker learned a great deal . He joined three combat missions over New Guinea , experiencing for himself the difficulties that his aircrews faced . He also experienced an air raid in Port Moresby . For this , Walker was awarded the Silver Star . His citation read : 
 Of the 26 commonly accepted texts that survive , only half are in good condition and authentic beyond doubt . 
 In response , AIS expressed regret that the aggrieved sculptors had publicly stated their dissatisfaction . The alumni further rejected a complaint that the results were 10 months overdue , and repeated that no suitable entry had been received . Subsequently , three of the five sculptors banded together to produce a design they described as " four pieces of cuboid leaning towards each other and pivoted on four corners " which was referred by AIS as resembling " four chopsticks " . Ironically , this was the nickname and roughly the design concept of the Civilian War Memorial , which was adopted in another separate open competition in 1966 . 
 A week later , the PZPN announced its final verdict . The only versions of events accepted for consideration were those recounted by Kulesza and Blaut ; those of all the players and of the team physiotherapist and sport psychologist were dismissed . Żmuda and Młynarczyk were barred from playing for either Poland or their clubs for eight months , and Terlecki and Boniek for twelve . Smolarek received a two @-@ month ban , which was suspended for six months . Citing their previous records of insubordination and misconduct , the PZPN called Terlecki and Boniek " rabble @-@ rousers " . 
 In September 1941 , Minnesotan played a peripheral part in a larger protest by union sailors over war bonuses for sailing in the West Indies . The SUP struck on Minnesotan and fellow American @-@ Hawaiian ship Oklahoman on 18 September in sympathy with the Seafarers International Organization , which had called a strike on eleven ships a week before . Both of the American @-@ Hawaiian ships were idled while docked in New York . President Franklin D. Roosevelt called on the unions to end the strike three separate times during his press conference on 24 September . Roosevelt 's admonition was heeded and both unions ended their strike after the National Mediation Board agreed to address the wartime bonus dispute . 
 In 1914 , the Ottoman Turks began the war with one cavalry regiment in the Turkish army corps and four reserve regiments ( originally formed in 1912 ) under the control of the Turkish Third Army . These reserve regiments were composed of Kurds , rural Turks and a few Armenians . The performance of the reserve divisions was poor , and in March 1915 the forces that survived were turned into two divisions totalling only two thousand men and seventy officers . Later that month , the best regiments were consolidated into one division and the rest disbanded . Nonetheless , cavalry was used by Ottoman forces throughout 1915 in engagements with the Russians , and one cavalry unit even exchanged small arms fire with a submarine crew in the Dardanelles in early 1915 . Turkish cavalry was used in engagements with the British , including the Third Battle of Gaza in late 1917 . In this battle , both sides used cavalry forces as strategic parts of their armies . Cavalry continued to be involved in engagements well into 1918 , including in conflicts near the Jordan River in April and May that year , which the Ottomans called the First and Second Battles of Jordan , part of the lead @-@ up to the Battle of Megiddo . By September 1918 , regular army cavalry forces were stationed throughout the Turkish front , and the only remaining operationally ready reserve forces in the Ottoman military were two cavalry divisions , one formed after the initial problems in 1915 . 
 Ethylene glycol poisoning is caused by the ingestion of ethylene glycol , the primary ingredient in automotive antifreeze . Ethylene glycol is a toxic , colorless , odorless , almost nonvolatile liquid with a sweet taste that is sometimes accidentally consumed by children and animals due to its sweetness . Following ingestion the symptoms of poisoning progress from signs similar to intoxication and vomiting ; to hyperventilation , metabolic acidosis , and cardiovascular dysfunction ; and finally acute kidney failure . The major cause of toxicity is not the ethylene glycol itself but its metabolites , mainly glycolic acid and oxalic acid . 
 Colin Jacobson from the DVD Movie Guide website complained about its lack of sharpness and commented , " Frankly , I 'm at a loss to understand how such an unattractive video hit the shelves " . He also criticized the lack of extra content , but complimented the DVD 's sound . Jacobson gave the release 's image , sound and extras ratings of D + , A- , D , respectively . Aaron <unk> from DVD Talk website shared Jacobson 's views , saying that it was " a wonderful show from Madonna and I can only imagine what it was like to actually be there . As for the DVD , it offers outstanding audio quality , but only so @-@ so image quality . Still , it 's a terrific show and the DVD still certainly gets a recommendation . " 
 Jehovah 's Witnesses refuse blood transfusions , which they consider a violation of God 's law based on their interpretation of Acts 15 : 28 , 29 and other scriptures . Since 1961 the willing acceptance of a blood transfusion by an unrepentant member has been grounds for expulsion from the religion . Members are directed to refuse blood transfusions , even in " a life @-@ or @-@ death situation " . Jehovah 's Witnesses accept non @-@ blood alternatives and other medical procedures in lieu of blood transfusions , and their literature provides information about non @-@ blood medical procedures . 
 She continued to accompany David to the ring until September when David was on the telephone with Torrie and later found out that Torrie was in the Filthy Animals ' locker room flirting with Billy Kidman , this resulted in a feud between Flair and Kidman on the October 18 , 1999 episode of Nitro when Torrie turned on him , resulting in Flair losing the match and the Animals beating on him , after the Animals stopped assaulting David , Torrie left with the Animals , It was around this time that Wilson began managing Billy Kidman and his Filthy Animals teammates . As a result , she found herself involved in the Animals continuing feud with The Revolution . On the November 22 , 1999 episode of Nitro , during a tag team match between Billy Kidman and Konnan facing Creative Control for the WCW World Tag Team Championship , Billy Kidman looked up at the <unk> and saw that Torrie Wilson and Eddie Guerrero were shown flirting inside his locker room on the " <unk> " , a hidden camera segment , which led to a storyline feud between Kidman and Guerrero . Following this , Wilson once again disappeared from television . Wilson however returned on the January 19 , 2000 episode of Thunder managing Billy Kidman , and in April 2000 , Kidman and Wilson joined a stable known as the New Blood , making them both villainous characters . As part of their newest storyline , Kidman became jealous of the attention Wilson began to give to fellow New Blood member Horace Hogan . In June , Wilson gave Kidman a hit at the Great American Bash , causing him to lose to Horace 's uncle , Hulk Hogan . 
 Secondly , quotas were raised to limit the ability of workers to overfulfill targets . In the case of time workers , this was sometimes done by keeping quotas the same but reducing hours ; for example , coal miners saw their working day shortened to six hours . Some rises were very steep ; in the case of engineering enterprises , quotas were raised by 65 percent . 
 Many bird species including <unk> , bulbuls , babblers , <unk> and crows were noted . In 2010 , the first ever bird survey was conducted in the Sathyamangalam forests . A total of 230 species of birds were recorded in the survey . In 2010 , a small population of critically endangered Indian vulture ( Gyps indicus ) and three other species of vultures were discovered to be thriving in the Moyar river valley . 20 nests were sighted and the population was estimated to consist up of 40 adults . Last sighted in the region in the 1970s , the rediscovery of the vulture , a bird rapidly disappearing from India , has been significant . <unk> , which caused the decline of vulture population was banned in 2006 and since then , vulture numbers have started to grow back . 
 The original series was the recipient of a number of awards including the Imperial Tobacco Award ( 1978 ) , The Sony Award ( 1979 ) , The Society of Authors / Pye Awards ' Best Programme for Young People ' ( 1980 ) and the Mark Time Awards ' Grand Master Award ' ( Adams ) and ' Hall of Fame ' ( 1998 ) . It was the only radio show ever to be nominated for the Hugo science fiction awards , in 1979 , in the ' Best Dramatic Presentation ' category . As a result of the series , Douglas Adams was inducted into the Radio Academy 's Hall of Fame . 
 His poems were described as remarkable for their elegance and exemplars of Teika 's ideals , in his early and later years ( respectively ; Teika considerably modified his personal beliefs during his 40s , after the death of Shunzei , and simplified his style of composition ) , of the styles of yoen – one of the ten orthodox styles Teika defined and defended in his poetic criticism , with some of the others being the <unk> ( " demon @-@ quelling force " ) style , the style of sabi or " loneliness " ( closely related to mono no aware ) , the style of <unk> , or " mystery and depth " ; the yoen style was concerned with " ethereal beauty " , and ushin ( " deep feeling " or " conviction of feeling " . This shift in style from yoen to ushin was intended to achieve a certain sort of <unk> , or integrity ; Teika sometimes referred to his aim as ushin ( " deep feeling " ) , which confusingly was also the name of one of the ten styles . The yoen style was one of the most popular in his time due in no small part to Teika 's of it ( yoen had first been described by Fujiwara no <unk> in the 1150s , but had been only marginally successful ) ; years later , the Symbolists would admire and emulate ( to a degree ) his use of language to evoke atmosphere in his brief poems in the yoen style . An excellent example ( and one later chosen for an Imperial anthology ) is the first poem below : 
 Holby City premiered on 12 January 1999 on BBC One . Fourteen series of the show have since aired , and a fifteenth began airing on 16 October 2012 . The show 's first series ran for nine episodes . In June 2000 , then Director @-@ General of the BBC Greg Dyke pledged extra funding for BBC One , some of which was used for extra episodes of Holby City . The second and third series ran for 16 and 30 episodes respectively , with new episodes then airing on a weekly basis from the fourth series onwards . Series four to nine and eleven all ran for 52 episodes , while series ten ran for 53 episodes , including the stand @-@ alone finale episode " Mad World " , set outside the hospital . All series from then on continued to consist of 52 episodes , with exception to the twelfth series , which consisted of 55 episodes in total . Young explained of the increase in series length : " Longer runs allow you to develop really strong storylines for the regular characters . As long as you do volume with passion , it 'll work . " The series reached its 500th episode on 13 April 2010 . 
 4 ( g ) + 4 NH 
 According to the 9th century History of the Britons , a man listed as Guillem Guercha was the first of his line to rule as king of the East Angles . The History of the Britons lists Guillem Guercha 's descendants and ancestors : ' Woden begat Casser , who begat Titinon , who begat Trigil , who begat Rodmunt , who begat Rippa , who begat Guillem Guercha , who was the first king of the East Angles ' . According to the 19th @-@ century historian Sir Francis Palgrave , Guercha was a distortion of Wuffa . D. P. Kirby is among those historians who have concluded from this information that Wuffa 's father was the founder of the Wuffingas line . 
 The Foundation Stock Service ( FSS ) of the American Kennel Club ( AKC ) accepted the Russian Toy into its records in August 2008 , and in July 2009 , the Russian Toy was approved to compete in AKC companion events from 1 January 2010 onwards . Russian Toys can also be shown and earn Certificate of Merit Points at FSS Open shows . 
 On May 19 , 2009 a 20th anniversary stand @-@ alone edition was released . This stand @-@ alone version contains exactly the same special features as its anthology set ( both DVD and Blu @-@ ray ) counterparts . There are two differences : This version includes a 50 @-@ page booklet guide to the film , and a slight variation in packaging from normal Blu @-@ ray cases ( i.e. a Warner Bros. <unk> ) . They both include a digital copy of the film . 
 Currently , the net effect of humans on global sedimentary cycling is a drastic reduction in the amount of sediment that makes it to the ocean . If we continue to build dams and <unk> rivers , we will continue to see a number of problems in coastal areas including sinking deltas , shrinking beaches , and disappearing salt marshes . In addition , it ’ s possible that we might ruin the ability of coastal margins to bury blue carbon . Without sequestration of carbon in coastal marine sediments , we will likely see accelerated global climate change . 
 Other 
 Madonna 's first performance of " Girl Gone Wild " was on The MDNA Tour ( 2012 ) as the concert 's opening track . The performance was choreographed by Jason Young and Alison Faulk , along with dancer Derrell Bullock , who assisted as supervisor . According to Faulk , Madonna asked Bullock to experiment with the concept of " girl gone wild " , and come up with a routine and style of his own . He wanted to find a story with the dancing and presented his moves to Madonna the next day . The singer also wanted to experiment with the concept of Catholic church , along with monks and gargoyles . Her message behind it was that of freedom , " people getting to do whatever they wanted to " . Four dancers from Brooklyn , adept at bone breaking dance , were enlisted as backup crew for the performance . Young recalled that they could " create these abstract , very animalistic shapes . What they can do with their arms is unbelievable . Anything that most people can do in front of their bodies , they do it behind their bodies . " The dancing required the boys to put on heels like Kazaky in the music video . Most of them refused to abide by it , resulting in Madonna giving them a choice to put the heels and dance or leave the show . The dancers complied and learned the choreography . 
 Immature fruiting bodies resemble egg- or pear @-@ shaped puffballs , grayish @-@ brown to pale gray in color , with dimensions of 0 @.@ 5 to 2 @.@ 5 cm ( 0 @.@ 2 to 1 @.@ 0 in ) diameter ; the top surface is broken into small regions by cracks or crevices ( areolate ) . As the fungus matures , the fruiting body cracks open and forms a stalk with tapering arms , a volva , and a spore mass known as a gleba . 
 When the Spartans arrived , the Persian camp was looted and their beached ships destroyed . Returning to Samos they then discussed their next moves . Leotychides proposed that they evacuate the cities of the Ionian Greeks and bring the population to the Greek mainland , since it would be difficult to defend Ionia against further Persian attacks . Xanthippus however vehemently objected to this , since the Ionian cities were originally Greek colonies . The Ionian Greeks later joined the Athenians in the " Delian League " against Persia . 
 After 16 years of controversy , during which the half @-@ constructed Mamilla project remained an eyesore in the heart of the city , a revised plan drawn up by architect Moshe Safdie incorporating elements of Kroyanker 's conservative design moved forward in 1986 . The new plan called for the compound to be divided into four areas : an open @-@ air mall with mixed @-@ use 3 @-@ 6 storey buildings and a multi @-@ storey car park , terraced residential housing , and two hotels along its border with the downtown . The British Ladbroke Group plc , which controls the Hilton Hotels Corporation , won the bid to build the project 's main hotel ( originally Hilton Jerusalem and now David Citadel Hotel ) and its housing , which it built as a luxury gated community named David 's Village ( Hebrew : <unk> <unk> , Kfar David ) . 
 Cicadas use a variety of strategies to evade predators . Large cicadas can fly rapidly to escape if disturbed . Many are extremely well camouflaged to evade predators such as birds that hunt by sight . As well as being coloured like tree bark , they are disruptively patterned to break up their outlines ; their partly transparent wings are held over the body and pressed close to the substrate . The wings are <unk> , avoiding the typical shine of insect cuticle which would break the cicada 's camouflage . 
 Aspects of the contests have been well received by some media outlets . A writer for <unk> called it an " avalanche of awesomeness " and compared the hunt 's acronym to " an apocryphal GWAR album or a lesser deity in H.P. Lovecraft 's consonant @-@ laden pantheon " . Reviewing the experience of participating in GISHWHES , a writer for Detroit 's <unk> @-@ TV described the contest as " a lot of fun " and recommended that others participate in the future . Shanghai Daily deemed several of GISHWHES 's challenges " outrageous " and " visually stunning " . Laura Prudom of The Huffington Post commended Collins 's " herculean " efforts in organizing the event . 
 The far infrared luminosity and dust temperature of a LIRG both affect the likelihood of hosting an hydroxyl megamaser , through correlations between the dust temperature and far infrared luminosity , so it is unclear from observations alone what the role of each is in producing hydroxyl megamasers . LIRGs with warmer dust are more likely to host hydroxyl megamasers , as are ULIRGs , with LFIR > 1012 L ☉ . At least one out of three ULIRGs hosts an hydroxyl megamaser , as compared with roughly one out of six LIRGs . Early observations of hydroxyl megamasers indicated a correlation between the isotropic hydroxyl luminosity and far infrared luminosity , with LOH <formula> <unk> . As more hydroxyl megamasers were discovered , and care was taken to account for the <unk> bias , this observed relationship was found to be flatter , with LOH <formula> <unk> <formula> 0 @.@ 1 . 
 In 2010 , Webber continued to race with Red Bull . He qualified for pole position five times ( in Malaysia , Spain , Monaco Turkey and Belgium ) ; won four races ( Spain , Monaco , Britain and Hungary ) ; finished second in Malaysia , Belgium , Japan and Brazil and third in Turkey and Singapore . After the Monaco Grand Prix , Webber led the drivers ' championship , the first Australian to do so since Alan Jones in 1981 . In June 2010 , Red Bull Racing announced that Webber had signed a one @-@ year extension to his contract , meaning that he would remain with the team for the 2011 season . 
 Abkhaz forces opened a second front by attacking the Kodori Gorge , held by Georgia . Abkhaz artillery and aircraft began a bombardment against Georgian forces in the upper Kodori Gorge on 9 August . Three days later , a military offensive against the Kodori Gorge was officially initiated by Abkhaz separatists . Russian paratroopers supported the Abkhaz troops . Abkhaz foreign minister Sergei <unk> said that " Russian troops were not involved " in the operation . Abkhaz defence official said that Georgian forces were pushed out of the Kodori Gorge by the operation . Casualties were light on both sides ; Abkhaz fighters accidentally killed one of their comrades , and two Georgian soldiers were also killed . About 2 @,@ 000 people living in the Kodori Gorge fled . 
 The gharial is featured in the folk tales of India . In one story , a gharial and a monkey become friends when the monkey gives the gharial fruit . The gharial 's wife demands that her husband bring home the monkey to eat , believing that the fruit made the monkey 's heart sweet . The gharial complies at first and attempts to lure the monkey to his home , but soon comes clean about the plan . Their friendship ends after that . Similar stories exist in Native American legends , and in the African American folktale of an alligator and Br 'er Rabbit . 
 <unk> stating the number of islands is difficult , as the method used to determine what is an island is not necessarily the same in each source . Since the water level of the lake can vary greatly between years , what may be considered an island in a high water year may be considered a peninsula in another , or an island in a low water year may be covered during another year . According to the U.S. Department of the Interior and the U.S. Geological Survey , " there are eight named islands in the lake that have never been totally submerged during historic time . All have been connected to the mainland by exposed shoals during periods of low water . " In addition to these eight islands , the lake also contains a number of rocks , reefs , or shoals that become fully or partially submerged at high water levels . 
 Pavo is a constellation in the southern sky with the Latin name for peacock . It is one of twelve constellations conceived by Petrus Plancius from the observations of Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Frederick de Houtman . Pavo first appeared on a 35 @-@ cm ( 14 in ) diameter celestial globe published in 1598 in Amsterdam by Plancius and Jodocus Hondius and was depicted in Johann Bayer 's star atlas Uranometria of 1603 . French explorer and astronomer Nicolas @-@ Louis de Lacaille gave its stars Bayer designations in 1756 . The constellations Pavo , Grus , Phoenix and Tucana are collectively known as the " Southern Birds " . 
 Furious 's secondary armament consisted of 11 BL 5 @.@ 5 @-@ inch Mk I guns . The guns had a maximum elevation of 25 ° on their pivot mounts . They fired 82 @-@ pound ( 37 kg ) projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 2 @,@ 790 ft / s ( 850 m / s ) at a rate of 12 rounds per minute . Their maximum range was 16 @,@ 000 yd ( 15 @,@ 000 m ) at 25 ° elevation . 
 DM & E began operations on September 5 , 1986 , over trackage spun off from the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company in South Dakota and Minnesota . Many of the negotiations were handled by the office of Senator Larry Pressler and his legal counsel Kevin V. Schieffer . After DME 's successful first decade , Schieffer succeeded J. C. McIntyre as president of the railroad on November 7 , 1996 . 
 According to Crowley , Reuss had named him head of the O.T.O. upon his death , but this was challenged by a leader of the German O.T.O. , Heinrich Tränker . Tränker called the <unk> Conference in Thuringia , Germany , which Crowley attended . There , prominent members like Karl Germer and Martha <unk> championed Crowley 's leadership , but other key figures like Albin Grau , Oskar <unk> , and Henri <unk> backed Tränker by opposing it , resulting in a split in the O.T.O. Moving to Paris , where he broke with Olsen in 1926 , Crowley went through a large number of lovers over the following years , with whom he experimented in sex magic . Throughout , he was dogged by poor health , largely caused by his heroin and cocaine addictions . In 1928 , Crowley was introduced to young Englishman Israel Regardie , who embraced Thelema and became Crowley 's secretary for the next three years . That year , Crowley also met Gerald Yorke , who began organising Crowley 's finances but never became a Thelemite . He also befriended Thomas Driberg ; Driberg did not accept Thelema either . It was here that Crowley also published one of his most significant works , Magick in Theory and Practice , which received little attention at the time . 
 Matters connected to religion were to <unk> Baltimore 's stay in " this remote part of the <unk> where I have planted my selfe [ sic ] " . He sailed at a time when English military preparations were underway to relieve the Huguenots at La Rochelle . He was dismayed to find that the war with France had spread to Newfoundland , and that he had to spend most of his time fighting off French attacks on English fishing fleets with his own ships the Dove and the Ark . As he wrote to Buckingham , " I came to <unk> , and sett , and <unk> , but I am <unk> to fighting with Frenchmen [ sic ] " . His settlers were so successful against the French that they captured several ships , which they escorted back to England to help with the war effort . Baltimore was granted the loan of one of the ships to aid in his defence of the colony , as well as a share of the prize money . 
 Graham Crowden – Ronald Rolands ( Minister with Unusual Portfolio ) 
 Along with Nos. 75 and 76 Squadrons , also based at Williamtown , No. 2 OCU was under the control of No. 81 Wing from 1961 until the wing was disbanded in 1966 . By late 1963 , personnel were busy developing training material for the pending Sabre replacement , the Dassault Mirage III , a task that required them to translate the manufacturer 's technical documentation from the original French . No. 2 OCU received its first Mirages in February and March 1964 . It commenced conversion courses on the type that October , and fighter combat instructor courses in August 1968 . The RAAF eventually took delivery of 100 Mirage <unk> single @-@ seat fighters and 16 Mirage IIID two @-@ seat trainers ; No. 2 OCU operated both models . Squadron Leader John Newham , later to serve as CAS , held temporary command of the unit from July 1965 to April 1966 . A Sabre @-@ equipped aerobatic display team named the " Marksmen " was formed within No. 2 OCU during 1966 and 1967 . Between 1967 and 1984 , six of the unit 's Mirages suffered major accidents , resulting in three fatalities . Experience in the Vietnam War led the RAAF to begin training forward air controllers in 1968 . The task initially fell to No. 2 OCU before a specialised unit , No. 4 Forward Air Control Flight , was formed in 1970 . In October 1969 , the OCU began operating the Macchi MB @-@ 326 jet for lead @-@ in fighter training , as well as the Mirage . No. 5 Operational Training Unit , based at Williamtown , took over responsibility for Macchi courses from April 1970 until its disbandment in July the following year ; the Macchis were then transferred back to No. 2 OCU . 
 " <unk> <unk> spoke saying , ' Alas ! You speak a great boast .... ' " 
 She was noted for achieving her goals . Dr. Robert Weaver , who also served in Roosevelt 's Black Cabinet , said of her , " She had the most marvelous gift of effecting feminine helplessness in order to attain her aims with masculine ruthlessness . " But when a white Daytona resident threatened Bethune 's students with a rifle , Bethune worked to make an ally of him . The director of the McLeod Hospital recalled , " Mrs. Bethune treated him with courtesy and developed such goodwill in him that we found him protecting the children and going so far as to say , ' If anybody bothers old Mary , I will protect her with my life . ' " 
 " Snow Falls " first aired in the United States on November 6 , 2011 , earning strong ratings . It was watched by an estimated 11 @.@ 4 million viewers , five percent less than the previous episode . It earned a ratings share of 3 @.@ 7 among adults aged 18 to 49 and a 6 @.@ 6 score among overall viewers . The episode ranked second in its timeslot behind Football Night In America on NBC but ahead of The Simpsons on the Fox network and The Amazing Race on CBS . In Canada , the episode was watched by an estimated 1 @.@ 732 million viewers , a rise from the previous episode 's 1 @.@ 44 million . The show ranked 16th overall for the week . 
 In April 1885 , the Cosmos Club considered purchasing the house from the Tayloe family . The influential club already owned most of the block north of the Tayloe House , and was expanding rapidly . It valued the home at $ 60 @,@ 000 and the furnishings at an additional $ 5 @,@ 000 . The Cosmos Club declined to buy the home after an investigation found that the cost of upgrading the Tayloe property for its use would be too costly . 
 Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour of France 
 Measure for Measure RSC ( 1979 ) 
 Amanita abrupta , commonly known as the American abrupt @-@ <unk> Lepidella , is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family of mushrooms . Named for the characteristic shape of its fruit bodies , this white Amanita has a slender stem , a cap covered with conical white warts , and an " abruptly enlarged " swollen base . This terrestrial species grows in mixed woods in eastern North America and eastern Asia , where it is thought to exist in a mycorrhizal relationship with a variety of both coniferous and deciduous tree species . 
 In 1991 , Square reused the Seiken Densetsu trademark for an unrelated Game Boy action role @-@ playing game directed by Koichi Ishii . Originally developed under the title Gemma Knights , the game was renamed Seiken Densetsu : Final Fantasy Gaiden ( published in North America as Final Fantasy Adventure and in Europe as Mystic Quest ) . Beginning with the sequel , Secret of Mana , Seiken Densetsu was subsequently " spun off " into its own series of action role @-@ playing games distinct from Final Fantasy , named the Mana series outside Japan . Four titles in the series were released between 1993 and 2003 . Secret of Mana was originally intended to be a launch title for the Super NES CD @-@ ROM Adapter , but when the add @-@ on was cancelled it was cut down into a standard Super NES cartridge , with many of the cut ideas appearing in other Square titles . It was followed in 1995 by the Japan @-@ only Seiken Densetsu 3 ; the game was originally planned to be released in English as Secret of Mana 2 , but technical issues and localization costs prohibited the release . The final new game in the series ' initial run was the 1999 Legend of Mana , developed for the PlayStation . Legend was a 2D game like its predecessors , despite the PlayStation 's 3D focus , because the console could not handle the full 3D world Ishii envisioned where one could interact with natural shaped objects . 2003 saw the release of Sword of Mana , a remake of the original Seiken Densetsu for the Game Boy Advance . The remake was outsourced to Brownie Brown , which was composed of many of the Square employees who had worked on Legend . 
 " My Immortal " was featured on the soundtrack Daredevil : The Album from the movie Daredevil ( 2003 ) along with " Bring Me to Life " . It was also heavily used in promos for the series finale of Friends . The song has been used during several television episodes . It featured during the Smallville season three episode " Memoria " . Lucy Walsh , a contestant of the show Rock the Cradle , covered the song during the fifth episode , " Judge 's Picks " . Dancer Hampton Williams performed to this song during his audition for the season 9 premiere of So You Think You Can Dance , broadcast on May 24 , 2012 , where he received a standing ovation , and in season 11 the song accompanied a performance by the top seven women , choreographed by Mandy Moore and broadcast on July 30 , 2014 , that earned similar reviews . 
 While extremely severe commercial and recreational overfishing in the 1800s and the early 1900s caused the first strong declines of Murray cod , overfishing by recreational fishermen , aided by inadequate fishing regulations , continues today and remains an extremely serious threat to Murray cod . The current size limit of 60 centimetres in most states is inadequate now that scientific studies have documented average size at sexual maturity in Murray cod . This and catch data and computer modelling exercises on wild Murray cod stocks indicate measures such as raising the size limit to 70 centimetres and reducing the bag and possession limits from 2 and 4 fish respectively to 1 fish are urgently needed to maintain the long @-@ term viability of wild Murray cod populations . As of November 2014 , the NSW Department of Fisheries has introduced a maximum size limit of 75 cm for Murray Cod to provide protection for large breeding fish , as well as a new minimum size limit of 55 cm . 
 The Court of Justice primarily deals with cases taken by member states , the institutions , and cases referred to it by the courts of member states . The General Court mainly deals with cases taken by individuals and companies directly before the EU 's courts , and the European Union Civil Service Tribunal adjudicates in disputes between the European Union and its civil service . Decisions from the General Court can be appealed to the Court of Justice but only on a point of law . 
 The Pennsylvania state government left Philadelphia in 1799 and the United States government left in 1800 . By this time , the city had become one of the United States ' busiest ports and the country 's largest city , with 67 @,@ 787 people living in Philadelphia and its contiguous suburbs . Philadelphia 's maritime trade was interrupted by the Embargo Act of 1807 and then the War of 1812 . After the war , Philadelphia 's shipping industry never returned to its pre @-@ embargo status , and New York City succeeded it as the busiest port and largest city . 
 During the afternoon , there were many submarine alarms and the convoy was approached by Italian submarine Cobalto and Emo . Emo was depth charged and prevented from attacking and HMS Ithuriel rammed and sank Cobalto ; Ithuriel was badly damaged and had to return to Gibraltar . The Italian submarine Brin was driven off by destroyers and a Sunderland flying boat attacked and damaged the Giada off Algiers and a later attack by another flying boat caused more damage . Giada shot down the Sunderland before heading for shelter to the Spanish port of Valencia ( where she remained until the 14 August ) . Between 18 : 00 and 18 : 50 , the convoy was attacked by about 40 Ju @-@ 88s and Ju @-@ 87s , co @-@ ordinated with about twenty CANT Z.1007 torpedo @-@ bombers . A SM.79 drone and a CANT Z.1007bis guide aircraft , escorted by five FIAT G.50 fighters , attacked the convoy . The pilot of the SM.79 pointed the aircraft towards the ships and parachuted , for the Z.1007bis crew to guide the bomb by radio . The radio failed and the SM 79 drone flew on until it ran out of fuel and crashed into Mount Khenchela on the Algerian mainland . 
 The peasants by then had assumed full sovereignty over the territory they controlled . They refused to acknowledge the jurisdiction of the city authorities and also had the military control over the area . The Huttwil League openly declared its intention to expand until it encompassed the rural population in the whole Confederacy . The majority of the rural population supported the rebellion ; the dissenting minority was silenced by threats of violence and sometimes violence indeed . Communications between the cities were interrupted , official envoys were shaken down and ships on the rivers were captured . The peasants even sent a letter to the French ambassador at Solothurn assuring the French king Louis XIV of their good intentions . 
 Even though the U.S. has imposed a US $ 0 @.@ 54 tariff on every gallon of imported ethanol since 1980 , the Caribbean nations and Central American countries are exempt from such duties based on the benefits granted by the Caribbean Basin Initiative ( CBI ) . CBI provisions allow tariff @-@ free access to the US market from ethanol produced from foreign feedstock ( outside CBI countries ) up to 7 % of the previous year US consumption . Also additional quotas are allowed if the beneficiary countries produce at least 30 % of the ethanol from local feedstocks up to an additional 35 million gallons ( 132 @.@ 5 million liters ) . Thus , several countries have been importing hydrated ethanol from Brazil , processing it at local distilleries to dehydrate it , and then re @-@ exporting it as anhydrous ethanol . American farmers have complained about this loophole to legally bypass the tariff . The 2005 Dominican Republic – Central America Free Trade Agreement ( CAFTA ) maintained the benefits granted by the CBI , and CAFTA provisions established country @-@ specific shares for Costa Rica and El Salvador within the overall quota . An initial annual allowance was established for each country , with gradually increasing annual levels of access to the US market . The expectation is that using Brazilian technology for refining sugar cane – based ethanol , such countries could become net exporters to the United States in the short @-@ term . In August 2007 , Brazil 's President toured Mexico and several countries in Central America and the Caribbean to promote Brazilian ethanol technology . 
 Gary Oldman as Lee Harvey Oswald , a former U.S. Marine who defected to the Soviet Union and later returned . He was arrested on suspicion of killing Dallas police officer J.D. Tippit . According to Oldman , very little was written about Oswald in the script . Stone gave him several plane tickets , a list of contacts and told him to do his own research . Oldman met with Oswald 's wife , Marina , and her two daughters to prepare for the role . 
 The Laming report was criticised by Caroline Abrahams and Deborah Lightfoot of NCH as too narrow , focusing too much on the particular case of Victoria Climbié and not on general child protection . According to Harry Ferguson , a professor of social work at the University of the West of England , " Laming 's report focuses too heavily on the implementation of new structures and fails to understand the keen intuition that child protection work demands " . He criticised the approach to child protection of focusing too much on the worst cases and trying too much to prevent them , rather than having an approach that also celebrates success ; and said that focusing too much on any individual case and basing reforms on that was " deeply problematic " . Laming responded to criticism by the Association of Directors of Social Services that his recommendations would require much more funding by saying that these arguments lacked " intellectual rigour " , and he dismissed claims that his reforms would be too bureaucratic . The Guardian said that the report does not address the issues of frontline staff . <unk> Mead of NCH said , " I do believe that inquiry reports have made a positive difference to the child protection system , and I have every confidence that Lord Laming 's report will do so too " . 
 BSU started the fourth quarter by throwing two incomplete passes . Tharp then completed two passes for a combined 39 yards before Pirates ' defender J.J. Milbrook intercepted Tharp 's fifth pass of the quarter . Milbrook returned the interception 27 yards . The Pirates completed one first down but failed to convert the interception into points . Kicker Matt Dodge came into the game , ostensibly to punt the ball away . In a trick play , he rushed the ball instead , picking up the first down . Despite the trick play 's success , the Pirates were not able to gain another first down . On fourth down , Dodge came out again , and this time punted the ball 47 yards for a touchback . The Broncos began the second drive of the fourth quarter by going 80 yards in nine plays for a touchdown . It took just three minutes and 59 seconds and BSU only three first downs . Boise had now cut the Pirates ' lead to 38 – 31 . 
 The success of the first two landings allowed the remaining missions to be crewed with a single veteran as Commander , with two rookies . Apollo 13 launched Lovell , Jack Swigert , and Fred Haise in April 1970 , headed for the Fra Mauro formation . But two days out , a liquid oxygen tank exploded , disabling the Service Module and forcing the crew to use the LM as a " life boat " to return to Earth . Another NASA review board was convened to determine the cause , which turned out to be a combination of damage of the tank in the factory , and a subcontractor not making a tank component according to updated design specifications . Apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added . 
 " Open House " is the third episode of the fourth season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad , and the 36th overall episode of the series . It originally aired on AMC in the United States on July 31 , 2011 . In the episode , Walter and Skyler advance their plans to buy a car wash as a front organization , while Jesse holds increasingly darker parties to distract from his guilt for having killed Gale . Meanwhile , Marie starts stealing to cope with the difficult recovery of her husband Hank , who is asked to offer his advice regarding Gale 's murder investigation . 
 The giant anteater may use multiple habitats . A 2007 study of giant anteaters in the Brazilian Pantanal found the animals generally forage in open areas and rest in forested areas , possibly because forests are warmer than grasslands on cold days and cooler on hot days . Giant anteaters can be either diurnal or nocturnal . A 2006 study in the Pantanal found those anteaters to be mostly nocturnal : they are most active during nighttime and early morning , and retire as the temperature rises . On colder days , they start and end periods of activity earlier , shifting them into daylight hours , and may become diurnal . Diurnal giant anteaters have been observed at Serra da Canastra . <unk> in anteaters may be a response to human disturbances . 
 According to a 2012 study , there is evidence that the western Grand Canyon could be as old as 70 million years . 
 After the Bergen Line was electrified , the work continued on the Dovre Line . The section from Hamar to Otta was finished in 1967 , and the following year to Dombås . This allowed the locomotives to be transferred to secondary lines . With the final delivery of the last units in 1969 and the completion of the electrification of the Dovre Line in 1970 , the final steam locomotive was taken out of service . During the last half of the 1960s , the Di 3 was put into service on the Rauma Line , the Røros Line , the Solør Line , the Valdres Line and the Meråker Line . 
 Historian John Man suggests that Gutenberg 's Bible page was based on the golden ratio ( commonly approximated as the decimal 0 @.@ 618 or the ratio 5 : 8 ) , and that the printed area also had that shape . He quotes the dimensions of Gutenberg 's half @-@ folio Bible page as 30 @.@ 7 x 44 @.@ 5 cm , a ratio of 1 : 1 @.@ 45 , close to Rosarivo 's golden 2 : 3 ( 1 @.@ 5 ) but not to the golden ratio 1 @.@ 618 . 
 Although Lennon would lament this period publicly , he did not do so in private . Journalist Larry Kane , who befriended Lennon in 1964 , wrote a comprehensive biography of Lennon which detailed the " Lost Weekend " period . In the interview with Kane , Lennon explained his feelings about his time with Pang : " You know Larry , I may have been the happiest I 've ever been ... I loved this woman ( Pang ) , I made some beautiful music and I got so fucked up with booze and shit and whatever . " 
 The concept of a lesbian identity is also explored throughout Journey to a Woman , as Beth leaves her husband and children to find Laura . Beth is followed by Vega , a woman scarred deeply — both emotionally and physically — with whom Beth had an affair . Vega shoots herself at the end of the story . Scholar Christopher Nealon suggests that Vega 's scars and emotional pain represent the anguish of self @-@ hatred and the self @-@ destructive phases Bannon imposed upon her characters in Women in the Shadows . Because Laura has grown from the complete adoration of Beth in Odd Girl Out and is unable to give Beth the same devotion when Beth finds her again , Nealon writes that Bannon makes the point that it is impossible to sustain " a lesbian identity that always returns to the moment of self @-@ discovery " . Beth , instead , finds Beebo , now older and much calmer , who gives her hope and the promise of love , which Nealon equates to a final identity for Bannon 's characters . 
 In June 1981 , new once @-@ weekly routes linking Horsham to Steyning and Cranleigh / Ewhurst to Brighton were introduced , the second to replace a withdrawn Southdown Motor Services service . To improve profits on the Brighton route , beer was carried from the Sussex Brewery near <unk> to public houses along the route alongside passengers . The scheduled service operations of coach firm McCann 's were acquired , together with three vehicles , on 1 November 1982 , although some were withdrawn a year later . 
 Denver has one of the country 's largest populations of Mexican Americans and hosts four large Mexican American celebrations : Cinco de Mayo ( with over 500 @,@ 000 attendees ) , in May , El Grito de la Independencia , in September , the annual Lowrider show , and the Dia De Los Muertos art shows / events in North Denver 's Highland neighborhood , and the Lincoln Park neighborhood in the original section of West Denver . 
 Kane opened at the RKO Palace Theatre on Broadway in New York on May 1 , 1941 , in Chicago on May 6 , and in Los Angeles on May 8 . Welles said that at the Chicago premiere that he attended the theater was almost empty . It did well in cities and larger towns but fared poorly in more remote areas . RKO still had problems getting exhibitors to show the film . For example , one chain controlling more than 500 theaters got Welles 's film as part of a package but refused to play it , reportedly out of fear of Hearst . Hearst 's disruption of the film 's release damaged its box office performance and , as a result , it lost $ 160 @,@ 000 during its initial run . The film earned $ 23 @,@ 878 during its first week in New York . By the ninth week it only made $ 7 @,@ 279 . Overall it lost money in New York , Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , San Francisco and Washington , D.C. , but made a profit in Seattle . 
 Each half of a flag depicts 5 knots ( 9 @.@ 3 km / h ) of wind . 
 Several windows maintain their original shape and size . The original stained @-@ glass decorations were almost all lost in the 1702 fire and were simply replaced by normal glass . The current stained @-@ glass designs were added during the renovation at the end of the 19th century , most of them by the Gothenburg firm , Svenska <unk> . The large windows above the portals depict the Trinity : God the Father over the west door , God the Son above the south door ( the largest in the church ) , and God the Holy Spirit above the north door . Crafted in limestone , the rose window at the north portal is the oldest , unchanged since the 13th century . 
 Before the race , Kevin Harvick led the Drivers ' Championship with 3 @,@ 400 points , and Jeff Gordon stood in second with 3 @,@ 107 points . Denny Hamlin was third in the Drivers ' Championship with 3 @,@ 047 points ; Tony Stewart was fourth with 3 @,@ 020 while Jimmie Johnson was in fifth with 3 @,@ 014 . In the Manufacturers ' Championship , Chevrolet was leading with 167 points , thirty points ahead of their rival Toyota . Ford , with 106 points , was ten points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third . 
 Final Fantasy Tactics Advance Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album of video game music from Final Fantasy Tactics Advance . The album contains the musical tracks from the game , composed mainly by Hitoshi Sakimoto , with assistance from Nobuo Uematsu , Kaori Ohkoshi , and Ayako Saso . It spans 74 tracks and covers a duration of 2 : 05 : 27 . The first disk includes every piece of music from the game , as it sounds through the Game Boy Advance hardware . The second disk contains synthesized versions of 32 of the same 42 tracks . The album was released on February 19 , 2003 , by DigiCube . The release bears the catalog numbers SSCX @-@ <unk> @-@ 4 or SQEX @-@ <unk> @-@ 1 ( reprint ) . 
 FA Cup : 1991 
 After Mahesh refused to perform in the Hindi remake of this film , Jagannadh approached Ranbir Kapoor in late January 2012 and arranged a special screening for him . Ram Gopal Varma confirmed in March 2012 that he and Jagannadh would remake the film in Hindi with Abhishek Bachchan playing the role of Mahesh in the original . The film was remade in Bengali as Boss : Born to Rule in 2013 by choreographer @-@ turned @-@ director Baba Yadav with Jeet and <unk> Ganguly reprising the roles of Mahesh and Kajal from the original respectively . 
 Stephen 's brother @-@ in @-@ law , Emperor Henry , died on 13 July 1024 . He was succeeded by a distant relative , Conrad II ( r . 1024 – 1039 ) , who adopted an offensive foreign policy . Conrad II expelled Doge Otto Orseolo — the husband of Stephen 's sister — from Venice in 1026 . He also persuaded the Bavarians to proclaim his own son , Henry , as their duke in 1027 , although Stephen 's son , Emeric had a strong claim to the Duchy of Bavaria through his mother . Emperor Conrad planned a marriage alliance with the Byzantine Empire and dispatched one of his advisors , Bishop Werner of Strasbourg , to Constantinople . In the autumn of 1027 , the bishop seemingly travelled as a pilgrim , but Stephen , who had been informed of his actual purpose , refused to let him enter into his country . Conrad II 's biographer <unk> of Burgundy narrated that the Bavarians incited skirmishes along the common borders of Hungary and the Holy Roman Empire in 1029 , causing a rapid deterioration in relations between the two countries . 
 Andrew Adamson as Duloc Mascot ( a man dressed in a suit that looks like Lord Farquaad ) 
 George Hammell Cook ( 1818 @-@ 1889 ) , a professor of chemistry and natural sciences , influenced the state to select Rutgers over the College of New Jersey ( now Princeton University ) . Cook was appointed state geologist in 1864 and later became the college 's vice president . With the college 's land grant status and new funding for scientific studies , Cook expanded his research and teaching into geology and agriculture . 
 Simplified F @-@ 4E exported to and license @-@ built in Japan . 
 Pictures of Angelou , Baxter , and members of their family appear through the book and enhance the text . An audio version , read by Angelou , was released in CD form and as a digital download . 
 In Oregon , Tongue attended the Tualatin Academy preparatory school in nearby Forest Grove . He then enrolled at Pacific University , a college affiliated with Tualatin Academy , and graduated from the school in June 1868 . After graduating he moved to Hillsboro , the county seat of Washington County , where he studied law . On December 25 , 1869 , he married Emily Margaret Eagleton , daughter of George Eagleton . 
 In its original broadcast , " Lisa 's Date with Density " finished 63rd in ratings for the week of December 9 – 15 , 1996 , with a Nielsen rating of 7 @.@ 4 , equivalent to approximately 7 @.@ 2 million viewing households . It was the fifth @-@ highest @-@ rated show on the Fox network that week , following The X @-@ Files , Melrose Place , Beverly Hills , 90210 and Party of Five . 
 In reply , Satō clarified : 
 The difficulties of night fighting was evident in the performance of the night @-@ fighter squadrons . One Fairey Battle was shot down in error by a Blenheim which could not correctly identify the aircraft ; some other Blenheims crashed after being caught in the glare of search lights at low @-@ level and return @-@ fire from German bombers had inflicted at least one loss whilst 29 Squadron succeeded on bring down only one German aircraft . While identification friend or foe ( IFF ) devices had been fitted to some British aircraft they were not always switched on . Braham also experienced technical malfunctions in the Blenheims which prompted him to call into question their reliability . On one occasion the hydraulic pipe fractured in the Blenheim he was flying which caused the landing gear to fail and prompted Braham to force @-@ land . At this time he was joined by his gunner / observer Bill Gregory with whom he was to fly frequently . 
 The Celtic languages had a term for " blue / green / grey " , Proto @-@ Celtic * <unk> , which gave rise to Old Irish glas " green , grey " and to Welsh glas " blue " . This word is cognate with the Ancient Greek <unk> " bluish green " , contrasting with <unk> " yellowish green " discussed above . 
 Following Derby 's relegation from the Premier League , Higginbotham moved to Southampton in January 2003 on loan until the end of 2002 – 03 . The move was made permanent in February 2003 for a £ 1 @.@ 5 million fee . He featured in Southampton 's FA Cup run in 2002 – 03 , playing once in the fifth round against Norwich City , but was an unused substitute for the final against Arsenal . 
 A manga set right after the events of Last Exile and before Fam , The Silver Wing , Travelers from the Hourglass continues the story of Claus , Lavie , Alvis , and the others who left Prester and settled on Earth , their ancestors ' home world . As they get used to their new home , Al is pursued by the Earth Guild . 
 In April , Emery 's remarkable comeback was recognized when the Anaheim chapter of the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association ( <unk> ) named Ray Emery as their nominee for the 2011 Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy . The NHL also nominated Emery for the Masterton , making him one of three finalists . 
 Bowie entered the show to the song " Glass Spider " , for which he was lowered from the set 's ceiling while seated in a silver chair and singing into a telephone . Bowie was dressed in a single @-@ breasted three @-@ quarters length red suit , a red shirt , and red shoes . The show 's first vignette began with " Bang Bang " , during which Bowie pulled an audience member out of the crowd , only to be rejected by the fan , who by the end of the song was revealed to be one of the troupe 's dancers . Later in the show , for the song " Fashion " , the dance troupe threatened Bowie with a street fight , which , by the end of the song , he accidentally wins . For the live performance of " Never Let Me Down " , Bowie was influenced by the minimalist choreography of Pina Bausch . Bowie said : 
 The character later became the center of disapproval from viewers , who felt Declan was moving on too fast after Bridget 's death when he developed feelings for Kate Ramsay ( Ashleigh Brewer ) . Sorensen then backed the storyline , wanting his character to move on stating : " It 's a difficult situation . Declan was truly in love with Bridget . He was one of the lucky ones to have found his soul mate early in life , but at the same time , he has to move on and live his life . " further adding : " A lot of people do think it 's too soon for another relationship . But I can assure you that it 's done very tastefully . " He then added an explanation to how Declan feels , adding : " He feels as though he 's cheated on Bridget and that he hasn 't mourned for long enough to be able to move on without showing proper respect to the love of his life . He 's left confused and upset . " As scenes from the storyline began to air Brewer made comment on the storyline reassuring viewers adding : " I think they 'll be okay with it ... I think they 'll be accepting . It 's done very tastefully and very slowly . The two characters don 't rush anything . " 
 Sir John <unk> ( 1662 – 1738 ) , lawyer 
 This stretch of coast originally consisted of salt marshes protected from the sea by ridges of shingle and sand , and Holkham 's Iron Age fort stood at the end of a sandy spit surrounded by the tidal wetland . The Vikings navigated the creeks to establish Holkham village , but access to the former harbour was stopped by drainage and reclamation of the marshes between the coast and the shingle ridge which started in the 17th century , and was completed in 1859 . The Holkham estate has been owned by the Coke family , later Earls of Leicester since 1609 , and their seat at Holkham Hall is opposite the reserve 's Lady Anne 's Drive entrance . The 3rd Earl planted pines on the dunes to protect the pastures reclaimed by his predecessors from wind @-@ blown sand . The national nature reserve was created in 1967 from 1 @,@ 700 hectares ( 4 @,@ 200 acres ) of the Holkham Estate and 2 @,@ 200 hectares ( 5 @,@ 400 acres ) of foreshore belonging to the Crown . 
 Brugge 's opposition in the semi @-@ finals were German team Hamburg . The first leg , at Hamburg 's home ground the <unk> , ended in a 1 – 1 draw . This gave the advantage to Brugge , as they had an away goal . A 1 – 0 victory in the second leg in Belgium secured a 2 – 1 aggregate victory , which meant Brugge progressed to their first European final . 
 Spoken word poet Chris Tse was raised in Coquitlam though he is based in Ottawa . He was captain of the Ottawa spoken word team that won the Canadian Festival of Spoken Word championships and also placed second overall in the Poetry Slam World Cup in Paris , France . 
 2 <unk> + 5 O2 → 4 CH3COOH + 2 H2O 
 Until the mid 19th century the breeding of the Clumber Spaniel was mostly restricted to the nobility . During World War I breeding was stopped entirely causing their numbers to decrease to a record low . In 1925 , King George V re @-@ developed a line of Clumbers in the Royal Kennel and were used in the fields in the Sandringham Estate . 
 In John , Jesus does not pray to be spared his crucifixion , as the gospel portrays him as scarcely touched by such human weakness . The people who arrest him are soldiers and Jewish officers ( John 18 : 3 ) . Instead of being betrayed by a kiss , Jesus proclaims his identity , and when he does , the soldiers and officers fall to the ground ( John 18 : 4 – 7 ) . The gospel identifies Peter as the disciple who used the sword , and Jesus rebukes him for it ( John 18 : 10 – 11 ) . 
 There is no direct communication between the ground floor and the Lord 's Hall above , which occupies the whole first floor . This is accessed via an enclosed and gated stair from the courtyard . The hall is vaulted , and has an unusual double fireplace . The floor tiles , timber panelling , and minstrels ' gallery are additions of the 1880s . It was originally thought that the connecting door to the Great Hall was also of this date , but is now accepted as being original . Side rooms on the hall level include a chamber in the round tower , with a hatch above the well , and a small chamber within the south wall which overlooks both hall and courtyard . A machicolation , or " murder hole " , below the hall 's north window , allows objects to be dropped onto attackers in the passage . 
 An apprentice boilermaker before the war , Maxwell returned to Australia in 1919 and worked as a gardener . In 1932 , he published Hell 's Bells and <unk> , a book written in collaboration with Hugh Buggy about his war experiences . Attempting to enlist for service during the Second World War , Maxwell was rejected on the grounds of his age before enlisting under an alias in Queensland ; his identity was discovered , and after a short period in a training position , he sought discharge . In 1967 , aged 71 , he died of a heart attack . 
 On April 30 , 2012 , it was announced that Torres would be featured in the WWE Studios and Kare Production Project " Les reines du ring " ( English : Queens of the Ring ) , alongside fellow wrestlers The Miz and CM Punk . In mid @-@ 2013 , Torres filmed a role for the film The Scorpion King 4 : Quest for Power , which was released in 2015 . She later earned a role in Matador as Reyna Flores , a journalist reporting on the leading character 's career . The show was cancelled after a single season . 
 Digital download 
 Information about his life and achievements come from the many Kannada writings , the earliest of which were written just after his death . Hoysala poet Harihara 's <unk> ragale is the first known biography on Basavanna . Vijayanagara poet @-@ writer Bhima Kavi 's Basavapurana ( 1369 ) , Singiraja 's Amala <unk> ( 1500 ) , Vijayanagara minister Lakkanna Dandesa 's Shiva <unk> ( 1425 – 1450 ) are some of the important sources . The cornerstone of Basavanna 's philosophy was " work @-@ worship is heaven " , the rejection of mere worship of God and the acceptance of one 's own body as a temple of God . Basavanna strongly advocated a life of complete commitment to work . As a poet , he finds a pride of place in Kannada literature . His deftly written poems end with the word " Kudalasangama " which literally means " God of the confluence of two rivers " , the poet 's version of the god Shiva . About 1 @,@ 300 such poems have survived , and have been described by H.S. Shiva Prakash as lyrical , satirical , deeply contemplative and self @-@ critical . 
 During the off @-@ season , trade talks were conducted , but not completed , between the Beaneaters and the Philadelphia Quakers . The deal likely involved Stivetts and Tucker , two players involved in Boston 's religious quarrel from the previous season . As the season progressed , the press noted that his season had begun better than the previous season . Stivetts claimed that it was his weight loss ( now just over 200 lbs ) , that was the main reason why he had been more of an asset to the team than in past years . 
 According to Young , Soaring Stones represents the " interface between man and nature " . It consists of six irregularly shaped pieces of Washington granite that were quarried from the Cascade Range , displayed in a row in ascending height . While installed in Portland , the first stone was sunk into the pavement . The rest were set on polished stainless steel pedestals , the tallest of which reached 11 @.@ 5 ft ( 3 @.@ 5 m ) . Elevated boulders had recessed lighting . The Smithsonian Institution described the sculpture as " reminiscent of the Cascade Mountain Range from which the media came " , and categorized it as abstract and allegorical of nature . Alongside the sculpture was a plaque that said , " <unk> <unk> " / BY JOHN T. <unk> , <unk> , WA / © 1990 / <unk> BY PIONEER <unk> LTD . Installed at the Whitman College campus , Soaring Stones # 4 spans 150 ft ( 46 m ) and the highest of its rocks reaches 12 ft 4 in ( 3 @.@ 76 m ) tall . 
 West Bromwich Albion F.C. Player of the Year : 1998 – 99 
 Ryan was interviewed by BBC News about her role as Lady Christina . Ryan praised her colleagues and the " family atmosphere " on set and described Doctor Who as " really something special to do " . On 9 April 2009 , Ryan guested on Steve Wright in the Afternoon on BBC Radio 2 and on The Justin Lee Collins Show on ITV2 to promote " Planet of the Dead " . After a showing of a trailer for the episode on The Justin Lee Collins Show , Ryan described the " fantastic " time she had filming in Cardiff and in Dubai . 
 The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Cross to Rear Admiral Daniel Edward Barbey ( NSN : 0 – 7930 ) , United States Navy , for extraordinary heroism and distinguished service in the line of his profession as Commander , Amphibious Force , Seventh Fleet , during attacks on Japanese @-@ occupied Lae and <unk> in New Guinea , on 4 September and 22 September 1943 . With singular skill and inspiring courage , Rear Admiral Barbey personally led his forces to the beachheads under relentless air attacks and expertly directed the brilliantly executed landings which ultimately resulted in victory to our forces . The sound tactical knowledge , fearless leadership and inspiring devotion to duty displayed by Rear Admiral Barbey were in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service . 
 A husbandman tilling the fields with his new , untrained oxen is made furious by their wrecking of the land . In his anger he makes the rash oath that the wolf " mot have you all at <unk> ! [ may , at once ] " . However , the wolf is lying nearby with the fox , and , overhearing it , promises to make him stay true to his word . Eventually the oxen calm down , but on the way back home the wolf jumps into their path . The wolf asks where the husbandman is driving them , since they are not his , to which he confirms that they are and asks why he is being stopped since he never offended the wolf before . The wolf reminds the husbandman of his earlier declaration , to which he replies that a man may say things that do not mean anything . They argue , and the husbandman reproaches the wolf for not having a witness ; in response , he produces the fox . The creature takes it upon himself to mediate the dispute , and takes each aside in turn . To the husbandman he says that he would lend his expertise to help him were it not for the " grit <unk> and expence " of doing so ; the husbandman offers him half a dozen of the fattest hens he has , to which the fox <unk> and goes off . To the wolf he says that the husbandman has offered an unparalleled block of cheese in exchange for him dropping the case . 
 Geffen 's press promotion for Nevermind was lower than that typical of a major record label . The label 's publicist primarily targeted music publications with long lead times for publication as well as magazines in the Seattle area . The unexpectedly positive feedback from critics who had received the album convinced the label to consider increasing the album 's original print run . 
 At the age of 16 , Fischer finished equal fifth out of eight ( the top non @-@ Soviet player ) at the 1959 Candidates Tournament in Bled / Zagreb / Belgrade , Yugoslavia , scoring 12 ½ / 28 . He was outclassed by tournament winner Tal , who won all four of their individual games . That year , Fischer released his first book of collected games : Bobby Fischer 's Games of Chess , published by Simon & Schuster . 
 Frost , Denis ( 24 October 1966 ) . " Coal Board <unk> Hidden Spring for Aberfan <unk> " . The Guardian. p . 1 . ( subscription required ) 
 Wien was buried in the mud of the harbor bottom at a depth of 16 @.@ 5 meters ( 54 ft ) and salvage of the ship was ordered on 14 December . That same day the navy convened a court @-@ martial of Vice Admiral Alfred Freiherr von Koudelka , commander of the naval district , the captains of both ships , and the commander of the naval defenses of Trieste . On 16 January 1918 , the court convicted all four individuals for failing to take all possible precautions to protect the ships and failing to ensure that the precautions were taken . As punishment the court recommended that Koudelka and the two ship captains be retired and the commander of the naval defenses of Trieste to be returned to his former reserve status . Emperor Karl approved the recommendations on 23 January . 
 M @-@ 24 begins a hundred feet south of an overpass that is part of a double trumpet interchange with I @-@ 75 in Auburn Hills . The interchange also connects with an entrance into The Palace of Auburn Hills , home of the NBA 's Detroit Pistons , and a variety of electronic signs are contained in the area to indicate the status of access to the entrance . The roadway is a continuation of Business Loop I @-@ 75 ( BL I @-@ 75 ) that travels through Pontiac . This section of the highway dedicated to William Davidson , former owner of the Pistons , in legislation signed by Michigan Governor Rick Snyder in May 2011 . 
 Roseanne Barr 's performance was later submitted by the producers of The Office for an " Outstanding Guest Actor in Comedy Series " Emmy consideration . 
 The Somme led directly to major new developments in infantry organisation and tactics ; despite the terrible losses of 1 July , some divisions had managed to achieve their objectives with minimal casualties . In examining the reasons behind losses and achievements , the British , and the Colonial contingents , reintroduced the concept of the infantry platoon , following in the footsteps of the French and German armies who were already groping their way towards the use of small tactical units . At the time of the Somme , British senior commanders insisted that the company ( 120 men ) was the smallest unit of manoeuvre ; less than a year later , the section of 10 men would be so . 
 On 22 April 1930 , Japan signed the London Naval Treaty , placing further restrictions on her maritime forces . In addition to the scrapping of several older battleships , Japan would not be permitted to construct new capital ships until 1937 . After minor fitting @-@ out work , her reconstruction begun in 1926 was declared complete on 1 October 1931 . On 8 November 1931 , she served as the Emperor 's ship during his official visit to Kumamoto prefecture . 
 A focal mechanism solution of the earthquake confirmed two nodal planes both striking north @-@ south and dipping approximately 45 degrees to the east and to the west . This faulting suggests dip slip reverse motion , and to a horizontal east @-@ west axis of confining stress . The rupture also occurred partially on the New Madrid Fault , responsible for the great New Madrid earthquakes in 1812 , consisting of the most powerful earthquakes to hit the contiguous United States . 
 Credits adapted from 30 Seconds to Mars album liner notes . 
 Source : 
 Pertaining to the above , it should be noted that Walter Brown was not rich ; also that as Auerbach was as tough at the negotiating table as he was on the practice court and in the locker room , it was always for the purpose of getting the most out of his players . In the summer of 1984 , with much trepidation , Auerbach reluctantly signed former finals MVP Cedric Maxwell to a lucrative guaranteed contract to stay with the Celtics . Then , Auerbach 's worst fears came true when Maxwell arrived that fall out of shape , and , suffering from various injuries , provided little contribution as the team lost a playoff for the first time ever to the Lakers in the 1985 Finals . Two subsequent facts are perhaps most relevant in evaluating Auerbach 's legacy : First , he was able to trade Maxwell to San Diego in exchange for former MVP Bill Walton , who was a major contributor to the team winning its 16th title in 1986 , the last of Auerbach 's career . Second , Maxwell continues to be embraced as a beloved member of the Celtics family , including having his number retired alongside the team 's legendary greats . 
 Learning he will become Sultan , Aladdin has second thoughts about freeing the Genie , believing that without him , he would not be able to keep up appearances . Iago steals the lamp , and Jafar becomes the Genie ’ s new master . He uses his first two wishes to usurp the Sultan and become the world ’ s most powerful sorcerer , exposing Aladdin ’ s lies and exiles him , Abu , and the carpet to a frozen wasteland , though they escape death and return to the palace . Jafar orders the Genie to brainwash Jasmine into falling in love with him , but the Genie reveals he is unable to grant the wish . Jasmine feigns interest to distract Jafar and allow Aladdin to get the lamp , but he is caught . 
 Harrison and his adherents were unimpressed by McKinley 's conduct , recalling that he had cut off talk of a candidacy in 1888 , but had not done so in 1892 . Nevertheless , Hanna wrote in a letter that " I do not consider that Governor McKinley was placed in any false position by what was done ... Governor McKinley 's position today as a result of all that transpired at Minneapolis is in the best possible shape for his future . His bearing and conduct and personal magnetism won the hearts and respect of everybody . " McKinley campaigned loyally for President Harrison , who was defeated by former president Cleveland in the November election , and according to the governor 's secretary , Charles <unk> , " [ McKinley ] is bound to be the nominee for the presidency , and the very fact of the defeat this year will elect him the next time . " 
 At the outset of the Gulf War in 1991 , Steinem , along with prominent feminists Robin Morgan and Kate Millett , publicly opposed an incursion into the Middle East and asserted that ostensible goal of " defending democracy " was a pretense . 
 Eagle Boat 56 , a World War I @-@ era patrol boat , was towing targets for a United States Navy dive @-@ bomber training exercise 3 nautical miles ( 5 @.@ 6 km ; 3 @.@ 5 mi ) off Cape Elizabeth when she exploded amidships and sank . Only 13 of the 67 crew survived . Although several survivors claimed to have seen a submarine sail with yellow and red insignia , a Navy inquiry attributed the sinking to a boiler explosion . The Navy reversed its findings in 2001 to acknowledge that the sinking was due to hostile fire and awarded Purple Hearts to the survivors and next @-@ of @-@ kin of the deceased . 
 Florence Violet McKenzie OBE ( née Granville ; 1890 – 1982 ) , affectionately known as " Mrs Mac " , was Australia 's first female electrical engineer , founder of the Women 's Emergency Signalling Corps ( WESC ) and lifelong promoter for technical education for women . She campaigned successfully to have some of her female trainees accepted into the all @-@ male Navy , thereby originating the Women 's Royal Australian Naval Service ( WRANS ) . Some 12 @,@ 000 servicemen passed through her signal instruction school in Sydney , acquiring skill in Morse code and visual signalling ( flag semaphore and International Code of Signals ) . 
 " No Angel " is a <unk> chillwave song . Influences of stripped down hip hop music were noted in its beat , with critics also noting elements of midtempo trap and " languid " R & B. The groove was noted to be minimalistic and progressive . Its instrumentation consists of mostly heavy bass , a counterpoint bassline and multiple finger snaps , in addition to chiming and refracted 1920s soft rock synths and percussive thump . Boogie , a distortion musical effect was also implemented in the song . Idolator 's Mike Wass found a minimal R & B grind in " No Angel " and felt that its multi @-@ layered sound provided a rich electronic background . Throughout the song , Beyoncé adopts breathy and emotional vocals . She sings with a falsetto vocal register , with Andrew Hampp and Erika Ramirez of Billboard calling it a return of the falsetto from the singer 's own song , " Halo " ( 2008 ) . Writing for The New York Times , Jody Rosen stated that the singer 's vocal performance was an " imitation " of the falsetto by musician Prince . Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune opined that Beyoncé employed her highest possible range , with her voice " threatening to fray " . Complex writer Tim Finney described the singer 's vocal performance as an " intoxicating @-@ asthmatic rasp " . 
 The Persian alphabet was introduced into education and public life , although the banning of the Islamic Renaissance Party in 1993 slowed down the adoption . In 1999 , the word <unk> was removed from the state @-@ language law . [ 6 ] As of 2004 the de facto standard in use is a Cyrillic alphabet , [ 7 ] and as of 1996 only a very small part of the population can read the Persian alphabet . [ 8 ] 
 Ince Blundell Hall is in Georgian style . It is constructed in brick with sandstone dressings , and has an L @-@ shaped plan . The main block faces southeast ; it is in two storeys with an attic , and has a front of nine bays . Richard Pollard and Nikolaus Pevsner describe the front as being in late English Baroque style , and consider that it was " evidently inspired " by the front of Buckingham Palace , London . Between the upper storey and the attic is an entablature with a cornice and a panelled parapet . The central three bays project forward , the lower storeys are flanked by pairs of giant pilasters , and at the sides of the central doorway are giant columns . There are more pilasters at the ends of the building , and in the central three bays of the attic . All the pilasters and columns are Corinthian in style . The windows are sashes and are surrounded by architraves . The ground floor windows in the central bays have segmental heads with keystones , and those in the outer bays have friezes and pediments carried on consoles . Below the upper floor windows are panelled aprons and consoles . The central doorway has a segmental head and a keystone carved with the Blundell arms . At the corners of the front are quoins . 
 Greco @-@ Roman mythology described the <unk> , the Lamia , and the striges . Over time the first two terms became general words to describe witches and demons respectively . Empusa was the daughter of the goddess Hecate and was described as a demonic , bronze @-@ footed creature . She feasted on blood by transforming into a young woman and seduced men as they slept before drinking their blood . The Lamia preyed on young children in their beds at night , sucking their blood , as did the <unk> or <unk> . Like the Lamia , the striges feasted on children , but also preyed on adults . They were described as having the bodies of crows or birds in general , and were later incorporated into Roman mythology as strix , a kind of nocturnal bird that fed on human flesh and blood . 
 Canadian punk band Belvedere wrote a song about Joel Otto 's career called " Two minutes for looking so good " . 
 His observations of the satellites of Jupiter caused a revolution in astronomy : a planet with smaller planets orbiting it did not conform to the principles of Aristotelian cosmology , which held that all heavenly bodies should circle the Earth , and many astronomers and philosophers initially refused to believe that Galileo could have discovered such a thing . His observations were confirmed by the observatory of Christopher Clavius and he received a hero 's welcome when he visited Rome in 1611 . Galileo continued to observe the satellites over the next eighteen months , and by mid @-@ 1611 , he had obtained remarkably accurate estimates for their periods — a feat which Kepler had believed impossible . 
 MD 5N runs along an exit ramp from southbound MD 5 to Old Branch Avenue / Kirby Road in Clinton , Prince George 's County . The route is 0 @.@ 14 mi ( 0 @.@ 23 km ) long . 
 This victory was soon followed by a costly defeat . Fort Niagara , one of the most important western forts , was not assaulted , but on September 14 , 1763 , at least 300 Senecas , Ottawas , and Ojibwas attacked a supply train along the Niagara Falls portage . Two companies sent from Fort Niagara to rescue the supply train were also defeated . More than 70 soldiers and teamsters were killed in these actions , which Anglo @-@ Americans called the " Devil 's Hole Massacre " , the deadliest engagement for British soldiers during the war . 
 However , Narissa had witnessed everything in her crystal ball , so she meets Giselle while the peasant runs off to marry Edward . Narissa , disguised as an old hag , tricks Giselle and exiles her to the real world of Earth by falling through a portal in a well that leads to a sewer hole in New York City 's Times Square . Meanwhile , a divorce lawyer named Robert prepares to propose to his longtime girlfriend Nancy , much to the dismay of Morgan , his young daughter who thinks she 'll be an evil stepmother . While Robert and Morgan are heading home , they see a confused Giselle trying to enter a brightly lit pink castle on a billboard which she has mistaken for the <unk> palace . Luckily , Robert rescues her after she falls off , and he begrudgingly lets Giselle to stay at his apartment at the insistence of his daughter . Morgan thinks Giselle is a princess because of her wedding gown . As Giselle sleeps on the couch , Robert feels sorry for her . 
 On 5 August 1869 , shortly after The Vicar had begun to appear in the form of monthly numbers , Dion Boucicault 's Formosa ; or , The Railroad to Ruin opened at Drury Lane . The title character of Boucicault 's play was a harlot , and her representation on stage provoked an exchange in the pages of The Times . Critics argued that the depiction of a prostitute in the theatre would tarnish the innocence of unmarried girls attending the performance . Supporters , including Boucicault himself , responded that worse women were regularly portrayed in Italian operas such as La traviata and Lucrezia Borgia , which were considered eminently suitable for young women , and in the police and court news of The Times itself . 
 The widening project began construction on April 14 , 1989 , with the first project adding two lanes between San Marcos Boulevard and I @-@ 15 . Additional funding was secured with a local sales tax increase in 1987 , providing $ 80 million ( about $ 195 million in 2015 dollars ) , and an additional $ 7 @.@ 8 million ( about $ 19 million in 2015 dollars ) from the California Transportation Commission . By March 1991 , another part of the project from College Boulevard to Melrose Drive began the bidding process . The next year , the project began to wind down , with bidding on the final part of the work between Nordahl Road and I @-@ 15 . The widening was complete by the beginning of 1994 . 
 After retiring from the Bell Labs in 1976 , Hamming took a position at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey , California , where he worked as an Adjunct Professor and senior lecturer in computer science , and devoted himself to teaching and writing books . He delivered his last lecture in December 1997 , just a few weeks before he died from a heart attack on January 7 , 1998 . 
 The game introduces the Batmobile as a drivable vehicle . The bulletproof Batmobile can be summoned to the player 's location while on foot or , if the player is airborne , summoned to meet Batman as he lands . The vehicle features the ability to perform jumps , speed boosts , rotate on the spot , smash through objects like barricades and trees , and fire missiles that can immobilize enemy vehicles . Batman can eject from the Batmobile and immediately begin gliding around Gotham City . 
 Fruit bodies grow together in small groups on the ground in association with Bishop Pine ( Pinus muricata ) . It is the most common Suillus species on Santa Cruz Island , its type locality and it has also been collected at Santa Rosa Island , and Point Reyes National Seashore in California . Santa Cruz and Santa Rosa , two of the four islands that make up the northern Channel Islands , have a Mediterranean climate with cool and wet winters , and warm and dry summers . Most species of Suillus do not have spores that survive in the soil for extended periods of time , but the spores of S. quiescens can tolerate the dry conditions and heat typical of California . Another study showed that viable S. quiescens spores were present in steam @-@ pasteurized soil planted in Oregon fields . The authors suggest that S. quiescens is an early successional species that fruits in young forests , and whose spores remain dormant in the soil for extended periods of time until the roots of a suitable pine host are encountered . 
 In 1943 , after receiving the Medal of Honor , he returned to the United States and participated in war bond tours . His arrival was highly publicized and his hometown held a parade in his honor when he returned . The homecoming parade occurred on Sunday , September 19 and drew a huge crowd with thousands of people , including politicians , celebrities and the national press . The parade made national news in Life magazine and Fox Movietone News . After the parade , he toured the country raising money for the war effort and achieved celebrity status . Although he appreciated the admiration , he felt out of place and requested to return to the operating forces fighting the war . The Marine Corps denied his request and told him he was needed more on the home front . He was offered a commission , which he turned down , and was later offered an assignment as an instructor , but refused this as well . He requested again to return to the war and this time the request was approved . He left for Camp Pendleton , California , for training on December 27 . 
 Despite numerous mistakes , Villani often displayed an insider 's knowledge on many subjects , as a result of his extensive travels and access to both official and private documents . For example , De Vries states that he wrote one of the most accurate accounts of the Battle of Crécy during the Hundred Years ' War , including information that the archers were placed precariously behind the English and Welsh infantry , not on the flanks as others asserted . While describing detailed events unfolding within the city , Villani would name every individual street , square , bridge , family , and person involved , assuming his readers would have the same intimate knowledge of Florence as he did . 
 German submarine U @-@ 42 was a Type IXA U @-@ boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine that operated during World War II . 
 Weisman and casting director Jamie Thomason each easily picked out Clancy Brown for the role of Rhino . Weisman explains , " We knew Rhino would require a voice with strength and menace , but Rhino also isn 't the brightest bulb on the marquee , so we knew whoever we cast would also have to have the acting chops and comic timing to take the character beyond the usual dumb goon . " They each had worked with Brown previously and knew he would be able to " nail it " , as he is able to give a " tough , low voice " and " turn on a dime between dangerous and comedic characterizations . " 
 Before acquiring its present geographical connotations , the term was used for other locations that could be defined as " opposite to the north " . For example , the short @-@ lived French colony established in Brazil in the 16th century was called " France <unk> " . 
 Disappointed that she was not producing the mega @-@ hits that she had hoped for , Simone left the US in September 1970 , flying to Barbados and expecting Stroud to communicate with her when she had to perform again . However , Stroud interpreted Simone 's sudden disappearance , and the fact that she had left behind her wedding ring , as an indication of a desire for a divorce . As her manager , Stroud was in charge of Simone 's income . 
 There are four Sydney Buses routes that service the area — the 480 and 483 follow routes along Parramatta Road and then Liverpool Road , the 461 travels along Parramatta Road and the 413 travels along Junction Road . 
 In late 1889 , Wacht joined a squadron of four old ironclads — Kaiser , Deutschland , Friedrich der Grosse , and Preussen — that cruised the Mediterranean Sea along with Kaiser Wilhelm II 's yacht Hohenzollern and the protected cruiser Irene , which carried Prince Heinrich . The squadron visited numerous ports in the Mediterranean , including state visits to Italy and the Ottoman Empire . Wilhelm II also stopped in Greece , where he attended the wedding of his sister Sophie to the Greek crown prince Constantine . The squadron remained in the Mediterranean until April 1890 , when it returned to Germany . Wacht , meanwhile , was forced to remain in Trieste for six months due to a serious problem with her boiler tubes , which required lengthy repairs . The ship led the torpedo boat flotilla in the Maneuver Squadron in 1893 . In early 1894 , Wacht was assigned to the II Division of the Maneuver Squadron as the divisional dispatch vessel . The division was commanded by Rear Admiral Otto von Diederichs . During the 1896 annual maneuvers , Wacht was assigned to the I Division . 
 While there will naturally have been some changes throughout the centuries , this section only tries to give a general overview over the situation that was recorded in detail in numerous 19th century merchants ' handbooks . 
 The film received generally unfavorable reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic , two of the most popular review aggregator websites . While some critics praised the production and costume designs of the film , criticism was mainly directed towards the film 's script , campiness and acting . The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported an 11 % approval rating with an average rating of 3 @.@ 7 / 10 based on 85 reviews . The website 's consensus reads : " Joel Schumacher 's tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek attitude hits an unbearable limit in Batman & Robin , resulting in a frantic and mindless movie that 's too jokey to care much for . " On Metacritic , the film achieved an average score of 28 out of 100 based on 21 reviews , signifying " generally unfavorable reviews " . 
 In March 2010 , Bruce filed suit against the city of Colorado Springs and its city council , charging that they had illegally hired outside legal counsel . He also accused the council members of receiving benefits greater than that authorized by law . 
 Born in Hendon , London , Philip Stuart was the second of six children to a schoolteacher , Edward Leopold Milner @-@ Barry , who died in 1917 , and his wife , Edith Mary . A talented chess player , he won the first British Boys ' Championship in 1923 . He was a pupil at Cheltenham College , and won a scholarship to Trinity College , Cambridge , where he obtained firsts in classics and moral sciences . He represented Cambridge in chess . At Cambridge , he befriended another chess player , C.H.O 'D . ( Hugh ) Alexander , and composed a number of chess puzzles . Between 1929 and 1938 he was a city stockbroker , although he was unhappy with the work . From 1938 , he was the chess correspondent for The Times , succeeded in 1945 by Harry Golombek . 
 Written and composed by Teddy Riley , Michael Jackson and Bernard Belle 
 After Duquesne lost to Saint Bonaventure , the Bonnies also lost their final regular season game to Xavier , which left the two teams in a tie for the eighth seed and the home tournament game that went with it . The two teams had played each other twice during the season , with each team taking one victory , so the second tiebreaker came down to who had scored the best victory . Duquesne 's best win came against Charlotte , while Saint Bonaventure 's was against Rhode Island . Unfortunately , those two teams were also in a tie . So for Duquesne to get their home game , Charlotte had to win their final home game , and Rhode Island had to lose . Both teams lost , so the tie remained and Rhode Island won out due to their head @-@ to @-@ head records . Thus Duquesne would head back out on the road against the Bonnies . 
 Cauda equina syndrome ( CES ) results from a lesion below the level at which the spinal cord splits into the cauda equina , at levels L2 – S5 below the conus medullaris . Thus it is not a true spinal cord syndrome since it is nerve roots that are damaged and not the cord itself ; however it is common for several of these nerves to be damaged at the same time due to their proximity . CES can occur by itself or alongside conus medullaris syndrome . It can cause low back pain , weakness or paralysis in the lower limbs , loss of sensation , bowel and bladder dysfunction , and loss of reflexes . Unlike in conus medullaris syndrome , symptoms often occur on only one side of the body . The cause is often compression , e.g. by a ruptured intervertebral disk or tumor . Since the nerves damaged in CES are actually peripheral nerves because they have already branched off from the spinal cord , the injury has better prognosis for recovery of function : the peripheral nervous system has a greater capacity for healing than the central nervous system . 
 Gayle <unk> @-@ Jenkins ( Central Ward ) 
 On April 18 , 1989 , a group of 39 women went into the Pittston Coal headquarters and held a 36 ‑ hour sit @-@ down strike . The women stated that they would not leave until a contract was signed . When questioned by police and media reporters to give up their names , the women responded by saying that they were daughters of Mother Jones . The Daughters gained the attention of the media and completely halted production at Pittston for an entire day and a half . The women involved were not members of the UMWA but wanted to support their cause , and due to this they were linked to the UMWA and considered by some to be a part of the union . 
 Shortly after the release of his ballad @-@ oriented albums , Coltrane returned to a more experimental phase , recording Impressions ( 1963 ) and his magnum opus A Love Supreme ( 1965 ) . In spite of this , the previous serious of ballad @-@ oriented recordings served in helping increase Coltrane 's legacy and influence on romantic jazz . 
 You 're so old , you 're getting warty . 
 No. 232 Operational Conversion Unit RAF . 
 Other musicians 
 24 individual NCAA Champions dating back to 1936 
 In its final configuration before it was decommissioned in the state , US 25 entered Michigan south of Erie and followed Dixie Highway north @-@ northeasterly away from the state line . The highway ran parallel to US 24 ( Telegraph Road ) about 2 ⁄ 3 mile ( 1 @.@ 1 km ) to the east of that roadway . At LaSalle , the roadway turned more to the northeast toward Monroe . US 25 then turned back to the north @-@ northeast and followed Monroe Street next to Lake Monroe and through downtown Monroe over the River Raisin . North of town , Dixie Highway turned due north and terminated at an intersection with US 24 ; US 25 merged onto Telegraph Road , and the two highways ran concurrently northeasterly through rural Monroe County . At the crossing of the Huron River , US 24 / US 25 entered Flat Rock and Wayne County . 
 Kanbar Entertainment initially intended to finance production of the sequel independently as it had done with the first film , but entered into a co @-@ financing agreement proposed by The Weinstein Company . The film was initially scheduled to be released on January 15 , 2010 , but in December 2009 , The Weinstein Company postponed the film 's release date indefinitely . In April 2010 , Kanbar Entertainment brought a lawsuit against The Weinstein Company . In addition to claiming that the postponement of the film 's release date breached an agreement between the two companies , the lawsuit accused the Weinstein Company of not contributing to monthly production accounts after February , 2009 , neglecting to consult Kanbar Entertainment of a release strategy , and not responding to proposed changes to the film , even though Kanbar Entertainment held " final authority on production decisions " . 
 August Rodney ( Gus ) Mancuso ( December 5 , 1905 – October 26 , 1984 ) , nicknamed " Blackie " , was an American professional baseball player , coach , scout and radio sports commentator . He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball with the St. Louis Cardinals ( 1928 , 1930 – 32 , 1941 – 42 ) , New York Giants ( 1933 – 38 , 1942 – 44 ) , Chicago Cubs ( 1939 ) , Brooklyn Dodgers ( 1940 ) and Philadelphia Phillies ( 1945 ) . 
 Applied innovation extended to commerce . At the end of the 15th century Luca Pacioli published the first work on bookkeeping , making him the founder of accounting . 
 The 1934 film , Fashions of 1934 featured chorus girls wearing two @-@ piece outfits which look identical to modern bikinis . In 1934 , a National Recreation Association study on the use of leisure time found that swimming , encouraged by the freedom of movement the new swimwear designs provided , was second only to movies in popularity as free time activity out of a list of 94 activities . In 1935 American designer Claire McCardell cut out the side panels of a maillot @-@ style bathing suit , the bikini 's forerunner . The 1938 invention of the Telescopic <unk> in <unk> elastic cotton ushered into the end the era of wool . Cotton sun @-@ tops , printed with palm trees , and silk or rayon pyjamas , usually with a blouse top , became popular by 1939 . Wartime production during World War II required vast amounts of cotton , silk , nylon , wool , leather , and rubber . In 1942 the United States War Production Board issued Regulation L @-@ 85 , cutting the use of natural fibers in clothing and mandating a 10 % reduction in the amount of fabric in women 's beachwear . To comply with the regulations , swimsuit manufacturers produced two @-@ piece suits with bare midriffs . 
 Awarded the Brunswick @-@ Balke Collender Cup and named APFA Champions.Note : Tie games were not officially counted in the standings until 1972 . 
 The episode featured guest appearances by Isaiah Washington , who went on to play Preston Burke on the medical drama series Grey 's Anatomy , and Julianna Margulies , who started her long @-@ running lead role as nurse Carol Hathaway on the medical drama series ER a few months after " Black and Blue " aired . She was cast in the part after having worked with Fontana on the unaired pilot of Philly Heat , an ABC miniseries he worked on about members of the Philadelphia Fire Department . Fontana offered Margulies a recurring role on Homicide , but she turned it down in favor of ER . Michael S. Kennedy , an actor from Richmond , Texas , reprised his role of Lt. Jimmy Tyron from the previous episode , " See No Evil " . A struggling actor , Kennedy received a call from a casting director he knew , in the middle of an all @-@ night Virginia Beach shoot for a small role in Assault at West Point : The Court @-@ Martial of Johnson Whittaker , giving him one day 's notice of the audition for Homicide . He so enjoyed working on the show that he wrote a Homicide script himself , with the Tyron character playing a major part , although it was ultimately never used . " Black and Blue " also featured the second of five guest appearances by Mel Proctor , then the home team sports announcer for the Washington Bullets , as Grant Besser , a recurring reporter character in Homicide . 
 During spring training of 1937 , Pearson injured his right ankle after accidentally stepping onto a rolling ball . He was still able recover in time for the start the season and pitched solidly . In arguably his best start of the year , he threw a one @-@ hit shutout against the Chicago White Sox on May 10 ; he also recorded three hits and drove in two runs in the 7 – 0 win . However , other health problems and injuries — most notably a sore arm — began to affect him , limiting his season to just 144 2 ⁄ 3 innings pitched in 20 games started and 2 games finished in relief . Despite his many ailments , he still came up clutch in Game 3 of the 1937 World Series . Facing a familiar foe in the New York Giants , Pearson stymied them to a solitary run in 8 2 ⁄ 3 innings pitched and received the win as the Yankees cruised to a 5 – 1 victory , taking a commanding 3 – 0 lead in the Series . The Yankees eventually triumphed in 5 games , giving Pearson his second World Series ring in as many years with the team . 
 On 14 May 1997 , an agreement was announced forming Star Alliance from five airlines on three continents : Scandinavian Airlines , Thai Airways International , Air Canada , Lufthansa , and United Airlines . The alliance chose Young & Rubicam for advertising , with a budget of $ 25 million ( € 18 million ) . The airlines shared the star logo from the beginning , with its five points representing the founding airlines . The alliance adopted its first slogan , " The Airline Network for Earth " , with its goal " an alliance that will take passengers to every major city on earth " . 
 Although the episode was fictionally set in Seattle , filming occurred in Los Angeles , California . Burton reprised her role as Dr. Ellis Grey in a guest star capacity , in addition to Sarah Utterback , who portrayed Olivia Harper . The title of the episode refers to the song " Wishin ' and Hopin ' " , by British pop musician Dusty Springfield . The episode received mixed to favorable reviews , with the storyline involving Ellis being particularly praised by television critics . Upon its original airing , the episode was watched by 24 @.@ 18 million viewers in the United States , ranked first in its time @-@ slot and garnered an 8 @.@ 5 Nielsen rating in the 18 – 49 demographic . 
 Selma Mayer was born on February 3 , 1884 in Hanover , Germany , to a poor Jewish family . Her mother died in childbirth when Selma was five years old , leaving five young orphans . Selma later wrote , " Because I lost my mother very early and therefore had a rather difficult youth , a strong need grew in me to give people that which I had missed so much : mother @-@ love and love of human beings . Therefore I chose the profession of nursing " . 
 At the start of the 20th century , physicians thought low back pain was caused by inflammation of or damage to the nerves , with neuralgia and neuritis frequently mentioned by them in the medical literature of the time . The popularity of such proposed causes decreased during the 20th century . In the early 20th century , American neurosurgeon Harvey Williams Cushing increased the acceptance of surgical treatments for low back pain . In the 1920s and 1930s , new theories of the cause arose , with physicians proposing a combination of nervous system and psychological disorders such as nerve weakness ( neurasthenia ) and female hysteria . Muscular rheumatism ( now called fibromyalgia ) was also cited with increasing frequency . 
 Anne Rothenburg answers a knock on her front door . When she speaks to the man waiting there , he hears something else entirely ; believing that she is giving her consent to be murdered , he attacks her . 
 Whisper Not ( Verve , 1967 ) 
 On July 30 and 31 , a tropical disturbance crossed Central America . At a low latitude , a tropical depression was declared on August 3 . At first , the storm was expected to turn west @-@ northwest , but it continued west instead . Nine failed to intensify despite being situated over warm water . The depression dissipated on August 7 later over somewhat cooler water . 
 Following the series finale , rumors began to emerge of a Friends film , although all were proven untrue . Rumors of a film reemerged after the release of the Sex and the City film in 2008 , which proved to be a success at the box office . The Daily Telegraph reported in July 2008 that the main cast members had agreed to star in the project , and that filming was going to start within the next 18 months . When asked about the film , Kudrow said that she was unaware of the talks , but expressed interest in the idea . The director of publicity for Warner Bros. , Jayne Trotman , said there was " no truth in the story " , and Perry 's spokeswoman added that " nothing is happening in this regard , so the rumor is false . " Kudrow and Cox told the Associated Press in January 2010 that they had never been approached by Crane and Kauffman to make a film version of the series . 
 The Texas Revolution officially began on October 2 at the Battle of Gonzales . Within days , Texian insurgents seized Presidio La Bahía , located at Goliad . Twenty Mexican soldiers escaped and briefly took refuge at Copano and Refugio ; those garrisons soon abandoned their posts and joined the larger force at Fort Lipantitlán . The Mexican soldiers at Lipantitlán began improving the defenses of their small fort . As the only remaining garrison on the Texas coast , Fort Lipantitlán was a vital link between the Mexican interior and Béxar , the political center of Texas which housed Cos and the only other force of Mexican troops in Texas . 
 2000 , The Development of the <unk> : Personal Communication to Agora Stewards , International Systems Institute , Asilomar Networked Democracy Group , Pacific Grove , CA . 
 Ferb was named after a set @-@ builder named Frank , whose wife nicknamed him " Ferb " . Frank , a friend of both Povenmire and Marsh , owns several tools and was considered a fitting choice for Ferb 's namesake . In " <unk> <unk> " Ferb explains that his name is short for something , but he didn 't get to say it . On Twitter , Povenmire announced that Ferb was actually short for " <unk> " . He cares for Vanessa Doofenshmirtz ( daughter of Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz ) and saves her in the same episode when she gets tangled up and a lawn mower almost gets her , but he is able to save her with a giant tool which appears to be an exaggerated version of a Swiss Army Knife . In " Summer Belongs To You " Vanessa asks Candace what Ferb is short for ; Candace realizes she doesn 't know herself what it is short for . In the fourth season episode " Act Your Age " , his teenage self appears to be in a relationship with Vanessa . Ferb 's design is based around a rectangle and also shaped like an " F " and is inspired by the style of late animator Tex Avery . As a character , Ferb has been critically well received and appears in several pieces of Phineas and Ferb merchandise , including toys , t @-@ shirts , and a video game . 
 Facing severe unemployment and a housing crisis , Singapore embarked on a modernization programme beginning in the late 1960s through the 1970s that focused on establishing a manufacturing industry , developing large public housing estates and investing heavily on public education . 
 <unk> riddle is good , Gestumblindi , ' said the king ; ' I have guessed it . It is the leek ; its head is fast in the ground , but it forks as it grows <unk> 
 Adjeng ( Titi Rajo Bintang ) lives alone in an apartment paid for by her boyfriend , a rich businessman ( Joko Anwar ) . A writer of children 's stories , she wishes to write short stories for adults ; in this , she is mentored by Asmoro ( Ray Sahetapy ) – with whom she is also having sex . Meanwhile , Adjeng 's mother ( Henidar Amroe ) handles various aspects of her life , constantly calling her and making surprise visits . This has led Adjeng 's friends , Venny ( Ayu Dewi ) and Andien ( Fairuz Faisal ) , to tease her about her overbearing mother . 
 WesternU operates an <unk> Education ( IPE ) program , involving all nine of its colleges . Planning for the program began in 2007 and the first phase was implemented later that year . The program 's goals are to improve understanding of other health professions and to provide and promote a team approach to patient @-@ centered care and health care management , leading to improved patient care . While a debate exists on the effectiveness of interprofessional education in encouraging collaborative practice , interprofessional education is becoming a more common component of medical school curriculum in the United States , and many groups , including the World Health Organization , view it as a means of reducing medical errors and improving the health care system . 
 Across much of Luzon , Irma flattened houses and flooding streets , resulting in considerable damage . Irma brought down power lines , which led to blackouts along the suburbs of Manila . One army officer died via electrocution while trying to fix the roof of his dwelling in Makati . Many other deaths occurred when they were crushed to death under collapsed houses or killed by flying debris . For instance , two people died when their house on Mindoro Island collapsed and a farmer in Quezon died after being hit by a falling coconut . Elsewhere on <unk> Island , 60 homes were destroyed . Offshore , eighteen fisherman were listed as missing . Twenty @-@ six of the casualties happened in Manila while 12 others died in the rural town of Daet along the southern part of Luzon due to flooding and falling debris . Due to the storm , iron sheets were littered across the slums of Manila . Communication lines between Daet and Manila were disconnected ; many villages between the two location were destroyed . In Lucena , two people were killed and many coconuts were tossed from trees . In Bulacan , civil defense officials advised thousands of inhabitants on the banks of the <unk> River to flee as water along the river threatened to overflow their banks . In the Rizal province , one agency reported that it dispatched several army trucks to fetch roughly 2 @,@ 000 stranded 12- to 15 @-@ year @-@ old boy scouts . In a nearby park , the typhoon blew down houses , power poles , billboards and trees . Even though the Clark Air Base and Subic Bay , both United States @-@ run , sustained little damage , six C @-@ 130 transports had to be evacuated to the Kadena Air Base in Okinawa and ships , including the aircraft carrier Constellation . Philippine President Ferdinand E. Marcos ordered the closure of all government offices in affected areas , which included the capital city of Manila . Additionally , many private offices sent their employees home . 
 His first championships were the 2001 / 2002 European Championships in Amsterdam , Netherlands , where he finished fourth . In 2002 he went to the World Championships in Kitakyushu in Japan , where he finished second ( silver ) . He participated in the 2003 European Championships in Sassari , Italy , and won bronze . He competed in the 2005 European Championships in Paris , France , and won silver . He competed in the 2006 World Championships in Amsterdam and was fifth place , and in 2007 he participated in the European Championships in Wetzlar , Netherlands , and received a silver medal . Two years later , he won bronze in the European Championships of Adana in Turkey . In 2010 , for the first time , he participated in the World Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Birmingham , and was fifth place . He won gold in the 2011 European Championships in Nazareth , Israel . At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , the wheelchair basketball team lost to the United States , and finished in fourth position , after losing to Canada , missing out of the finals . He said that not winning a medal at the Paralympics was the " worst moment " of his career . 
 The modern era of the Greek system at Lindenwood began in 1992 , when the college announced that two sororities and three fraternities would be established on campus . 
 These are the credits and the personnel as they appear on the back of the single : 
 The emotional tracks were considered the strongest part of the score , and were praised for their ability to musically reflect the various locales and characters seen in the game . The opening track " Dark Dawn " was similarly lauded for showcasing all the influences of the soundtrack in a single composition . The battle themes were described as a weaker area and were called either effective or repetitive , with Square Enix Music Online noting that " Mitsuda has never been very good at composing interesting battle tracks " . The final boss theme " The One Who <unk> Fangs at God " received the most diverse comments , ranging from praises to criticism , due to its reliance on synth choral sound effects rather than a clear melody . The ending song " Small Two of Pieces " was received positively and , as Mitsuda predicted , compared to " My Heart Will Go On " . 
 The Palladian @-@ style stone structure has been described as " the outstanding 18th @-@ century church in the county , in scale , ambition and architectural interest " . The architect is unknown , but prominent Palladian @-@ era figures such as Henry Flitcroft , James Gibbs and Roger Morris have been suggested . 
 Bikernieki forest is Latvia 's biggest mass murder site during The Holocaust of World War II during years 1941 – 44 . There are 55 marked mass burial sites in the forest . About 46 @,@ 500 people were reported to have been killed there , including Latvian and Western European Jews , Soviet prisoners of war , and Nazis ' political adversaries . The exact number of victims is unknown . Although Soviet Nazi War Crime Research Committee declared over 46 @,@ 000 murders , later excavations did not confirm this number . The number of victims is speculated to be closer to 30 @,@ 000 . 
 Passacaglia on an Old English Tune for viola ( or cello ) and piano ( ? 1940 – 1941 ) 
 There are many variations to the squab pie in England , although it traditionally includes mutton , it has come to mean a pie with many ingredients or a " scraps pie " . Squab pie in Devon can be served with clotted cream . Alternatively , in America , it is cooked with squab , and is synonymous with pigeon pie . 
 Herbert E. Smith 
 Saltwell Park is a Victorian park in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear , England . Opened in 1876 , the park was designed by Edward Kemp and incorporates the mansion and associated grounds of the Saltwellgate estate owner , William Wailes , who sold his estate to Gateshead Council for £ 35 @,@ 000 . Upon opening , it became known as " The People 's Park " . The park was expanded in 1920 when the council purchased the adjacent gardens to the Saltwell Grove estate and added these to the park . This extended the park 's total size to 55 acres ( 22 ha ) . Towards the end of the 20th century , the park had fallen into disrepair , but between 1999 and 2005 , it was subject to a £ 9 @.@ 6 million restoration project , funded collaboratively by the Heritage Lottery Fund and Gateshead Council and is now host to around 2 million visitors per year . 
 The candidate personally hired someone as an election agent , canvasser or agent while aware that the person had been found guilty of a corrupt practice within the seven years before he was engaged . 
 Schumacher was born in <unk> , North Rhine @-@ Westphalia , to Rolf Schumacher , a bricklayer , and his wife Elisabeth . When Schumacher was four , his father modified his pedal kart by adding a small motorcycle engine . When Schumacher crashed it into a lamp post in Kerpen , his parents took him to the karting track at Kerpen @-@ <unk> , where he became the youngest member of the karting club . His father soon built him a kart from discarded parts and at the age of six Schumacher won his first club championship . To support his son 's racing , Rolf Schumacher took on a second job renting and repairing karts , while his wife worked at the track 's canteen . Nevertheless , when Michael needed a new engine costing 800 DM , his parents were unable to afford it ; he was able to continue racing with support from local businessmen . 
 As of 2015 , Sibu is twinned to fifteen places in China : 
 Tankersley died on February 5 , 2013 . She had Parkinson 's disease . As she aged , Tankersley downsized her horse breeding operation from 350 horses to under 150 just prior to her death . Her son , Mark Miller , inherited many of her remaining horses and moved the Al @-@ Marah Arabian farm name and the horse operation to his home base near Clermont , Florida . Miller had run an entertainment venue called Arabian Nights , in Kissimmee , Florida , near Disney World , from 1988 until 2013 . He used Al @-@ Marah @-@ bred horses to present a 90 @-@ minute dinner show performance every night of the year that featured 50 Arabian horses . He closed the program in December 2013 to focus on the transplanted Al @-@ Marah herd on his Florida property . 
 During the turbulent reign of Wang Mang , Han lost control over the Tarim Basin , which was conquered by the Northern Xiongnu in AD 63 and used as a base to invade Han 's Hexi Corridor in Gansu . Dou Gu ( d . 88 AD ) defeated the Northern Xiongnu at the Battle of <unk> in AD 73 , evicting them from Turpan and chasing them as far as Lake <unk> before establishing a garrison at Hami . After the new Protector General of the Western Regions Chen Mu ( d . AD 75 ) was killed by allies of the Xiongnu in Karasahr and Kucha , the garrison at Hami was withdrawn . At the Battle of <unk> Bayan in AD 89 , Dou Xian ( d . AD 92 ) defeated the Northern Xiongnu chanyu who then retreated into the Altai Mountains . After the Northern Xiongnu fled into the Ili River valley in AD 91 , the nomadic Xianbei occupied the area from the borders of the Buyeo Kingdom in Manchuria to the Ili River of the Wusun people . The Xianbei reached their apogee under Tanshihuai ( <unk> ) ( d . AD 180 ) , who consistently defeated Chinese armies . However , Tanshihuai 's confederation disintegrated after his death . 
 At present the golden white @-@ eye is very common , and in fact a 1996 study found that their densities on Saipan were among the highest recorded for any bird , up to 2 @,@ 095 birds / km ² ( 8 @.@ 47 per acre ) . It was believed that Saipan cannot sustain a larger population of this white @-@ eye than it already does . A 2009 study , which incorporated results from a 2007 survey , found that the species had declined between 1982 and 2007 , in common with two other species on Saipan , the rufous fantail and the nightingale reed warbler . All three species are insectivorous and were theorised to have declined due to habitat loss . Nevertheless , the species remained relatively abundant , and the current world population is estimated at around 71 @,@ 997 birds . 
 The plumage of the Oceanitinae is dark with white underparts ( with the exception of the Wilson 's storm petrel ) All but two of the Hydrobatinae are mostly dark in colour with varying amounts of white on the rump . Two species have different plumage entirely , the Hornby 's storm petrel which has white undersides and facial markings , and the fork @-@ tailed storm petrel which has pale grey plumage . This is a notoriously difficult group to identify at sea . Onley and Scofield ( 2007 ) state that much published information is incorrect , and that photographs in the major seabird books and websites are frequently incorrectly ascribed as to species . They also consider that several national bird lists include species which have been incorrectly identified or have been accepted on inadequate evidence . 
 Tisdale reprised her role as Sharpay Evans in High School Musical 3 : Senior Year , which premiered in October 2008 . It earned $ 42 million in its domestic opening weekend , and grossed a total of $ 255 million worldwide . Her performance in the film earned her critical acclaim , earning an MTV Movie Award for " Breakthrough Performance Female " in 2009 . Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly labeled her one of film 's breakout stars , and Mark Kermode said Tisdale was 2008 's " best supporting actress " . 
 In its original American broadcast on May 13 , 2011 , " Dwight K. Schrute , ( Acting ) Manager " was viewed by an estimated 6 @.@ 45 million viewers and received a 3 @.@ 3 rating / 9 % share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 . This means that it was seen by 3 @.@ 3 % of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds , and 9 % of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds watching television at the time of the broadcast . This marked a nine percent drop in the ratings from the previous episode making it the second @-@ lowest @-@ rated episode of the season in the 18 – 49 demographic , after " Todd Packer " . " Dwight K Schrute , ( Acting ) Manager " was the sixth most @-@ watched scripted show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18 – 49 . 
 Darren and Nancy begin a relationship when Darren , Nancy and Nancy 's housemates begin online dating in December 2010 . Darren is due to go on a date he has arranged and Nancy comes to watch him , Darren 's date does not arrive . As the evening continues , the pair realise there is an attraction between them and agree to go home together . Dawson said that the pair have " always sort of hated each other " as they are opposites , explaining that " She 's a feminist and he 's a male chauvinist pig ! " He felt for the pair to begin a relationship is a " case of opposites attracting - for some reason it works " . Dawson added that through the pair 's " pompous ways " they have both been through " hard times and been through them with each other because they 've known each other for so long " . He commented that the pair have " never seen eye @-@ to @-@ eye , but I think that when they sit down and chat they realise they have a lot more in common than they think . In the past they just didn 't want to accept that " . E4 described the relationship this way : " She ’ s chalk and he ’ s definitely more than a bit cheesy , but there you have it ; Darren and Nancy ( Dancy ) are now officially an item ! They ’ re the original odd @-@ couple ! " 
 The Devi Purana ( 6th – 10th century ) mentions a group of sixteen matrikas and six other types of Matrikas mentioned , apart from the Saptamatrikas . It introduces the Loka @-@ <unk> ( mothers of the world ) , a term used in the Mahabharata , in the very first chapter . Kind to all creatures , the Matrikas are said to reside in various places for the benefit of children . The text paradoxically describes the Matrikas as being created by various gods like Brahma , Vishnu , Shiva , Indra as well as being their mothers . Devi Purana describe a pentad of Matrikas , who help Ganesha to kill demons . Further , sage <unk> is described as worshipping the <unk> ( the five mothers ) named Ambika ( Kaumari ) , <unk> , Chamunda , Brahmi and Vaishnavi and who have been established by Brahma ; for saving king Harishchandra from calamities . The Matrikas direct the sage to perform worship of <unk> ( interpreted as a Yantra or Mandala or a circular shrine to the Matrikas ) , established by Vishnu on the Vindhya mountains , by meat and ritual sacrifice . 
 The Trojans next traveled to face rivals , the California Golden Bears , led by fourth – year head coach Jeff Tedford and quarterback Joe Ayoob . Although the Bears handed the Trojans their last loss in 2003 , they were struggling in the season , having lost three out of the last four games and dropping out of the rankings for the first time since 2003 . The Trojans scored first after Ayoob 's first of four interceptions in the game , on a LenDale White rush . Ayoob recovered after the interception , and led the Bears to a field goal to cut their deficit to four at the end of the first quarter . In the second quarter , Leinart rushed for a pair of touchdowns to give the Trojans a 21 – 3 lead at half @-@ time . After a pair of White rushing touchdowns , the Bears scored again on a Chris <unk> rush that ended scoring in the game , with the Trojans winning 35 – 10 . With the win , the Trojans clinched at least a share of the Pac @-@ 10 title and increased their winning streak to 32 games , tied for the sixth longest in history . 
 Among Radiohead members ' earliest influences were Queen , Pink Floyd and Elvis Costello , post @-@ punk acts such as Joy Division , Siouxsie and the Banshees and Magazine , and significantly 1980s alternative rock bands such as R.E.M. , Pixies , the Smiths and Sonic Youth . By the mid @-@ 1990s , Radiohead began to adopt some recording methods from hip hop , inspired by the sampling work of DJ Shadow , and became interested in using computers to generate sounds . Other influences on the group include the jazz music of Miles Davis , Charlie Mingus and Alice Coltrane , the soundtracks of Ennio Morricone , 1960s rock groups such as the Beatles and the Beach Boys , and Phil Spector 's " wall of sound " production technique . 
 The next night on Krusty 's farewell special , Krusty describes the history of his career . Bob straps Bart with explosives and tells him to hug Krusty at the end of his performance , thus killing both of them . However , as Krusty reaches the end of his performance , he talks to the audience about how he regrets mistreating Sideshow Bob , holding himself responsible for turning Bob into a ruthless criminal ( from Season 1 's " Krusty Gets Busted " ) . 
 By the beginning of the new century three of Cosima 's daughters had married : Blandina to Count Biagio Gravina in the closing days of the 1882 festival , Daniela to Henry Thode , an art historian , on 3 July 1886 , and Isolde , Cosima 's first child by Wagner , who married a young conductor , Franz Beidler , on 20 December 1900 The youngest daughter , Eva , rejected numerous suitors to remain her mother 's secretary and companion for the rest of Cosima 's tenure . 
 Subjective cognitive complaints appear in older depressed people , but they can also be indicative of the onset of a <unk> disorder , such as Alzheimer 's disease . Cognitive testing and brain imaging can help distinguish depression from dementia . A CT scan can exclude brain pathology in those with psychotic , rapid @-@ onset or otherwise unusual symptoms . In general , investigations are not repeated for a subsequent episode unless there is a medical indication . 
 Pakiam completed his studies for a Masters in Moral Theology ( Ethics ) at the Lateran University in Rome in 1974 , and upon his return to Malaysia , became a lecturer at Penang 's College General . In 1978 , he was appointed Rector of the College General and served two terms . In 1989 , he received his Masters in Guidance and Counselling from the De La Salle University , Manila , Philippines . He then served as Parish Priest of the Church of the Nativity in Butterworth from 1989 – 95 . 
 The festival has produced six Eurovision winners and eighteen top @-@ five placings for Sweden at the contest . The winner of the Melodifestival has been chosen by panels of jurors since its inception . Since 1999 , the juries have been joined by a public telephone vote which has an equal influence over the final outcome . The competition makes a considerable impact on music charts in Sweden . 
 The track " Too Dizzy " has been deleted from subsequent reissues of the album , reportedly at Bowie 's request because it is his least favourite track on the album . 
 Following purchase in 2008 , renovations began to convert the building into a contemporary arts center . Architects designed gallery spaces , a bookstore and cafe , a 100 @-@ seat room , library and kitchen . Geothermal heating supplied by an aquifer underneath the building will contribute to the goal of LEED Platinum status . 
 In 1951 , exports totalled 90 @,@ 000 barrels , but by 1964 had grown to 300 @,@ 000 barrels . By 1959 , sales in Ghana had grown large enough for Guinness to establish a joint venture in the country with the United Africa Company . By 1962 , Nigeria had become the largest export market for Guinness , with around 100 @,@ 000 barrels exported to the country every year . This led the company to build a brewery in <unk> in western Nigeria to supply the demand ; it was only the third brewery in the company 's history . The brewery cost over £ 2 million , had a 150 @,@ 000 barrel capacity , and was 60 per cent owned by Guinness Nigeria , 25 per cent by the United Africa Company with the remaining shares held by local Nigerian interests . Breweries followed in Malaysia ( 1965 ) , Cameroon ( 1970 ) and Ghana ( 1971 ) , whilst licences were granted to other companies to brew Guinness under contract in other African countries and the West Indies . Historically a small proportion of Guinness production , it was this success , especially in Africa but also in Asia , that allowed FES to grow into a 4 @.@ 5 million <unk> brand . 
 Several globular clusters ( like M15 ) have extremely massive cores which may harbor black holes , although simulations suggest that a less massive black hole or central concentration of neutron stars or massive white dwarfs explain observations equally well . 
 A charter of 831 , which Wiglaf calls " the first year of my second reign " , was issued at <unk> near Droitwich ; it is significant that Wiglaf makes no reference to any overlordship of Egbert 's in this charter , issued within a year of his recovery of power , and that he acknowledges his temporary deposition . In East Anglia , King Æthelstan minted coins , possibly as early as 827 , but more likely c . 830 after Egbert 's influence was reduced with Wiglaf 's return to power in Mercia . This demonstration of independence on East Anglia 's part is not surprising , as it was probably Æthelstan who was responsible for the defeat and death of both Beornwulf and Ludeca . 
 Lang , Serge ( 1993 ) , Real and functional analysis , Berlin , New York : Springer @-@ Verlag , ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 387 @-@ <unk> @-@ 4 
 The Salon ... is to be supported by Marble Pillars and painted by <unk> [ sic Bellucci ] ; as is the great Staircase , which is all of Marble ... this Staircase leads you into the Royal Apartments fronting the <unk> and grand canal and consists of a Suite of six noble rooms well proportioned , finely plaister 'd and gilt by <unk> [ sic Giovanni <unk> , a Swiss @-@ Italian plasterer associated with the architect Gibbs ] and the Ceilings painted by <unk> ; from these Apartments you go into my Lords dressing room and Library , fronting the gardens . 
 The cannon 's fate is disputed . According to the memoirs ( written in the 1890s ) of Gonzales blacksmith Noah Smithwick , the cannon was abandoned after the cart 's axles began to smoke during a march to San Antonio de Béxar to assist in Austin 's siege . Smithwick reported that the cannon was buried near a creek not far from Gonzales . A small iron cannon was exposed during a June 1936 flood near Gonzales . In 1979 , this cannon was purchased by Dr. Patrick Wagner , who believed it matched Smithwick 's descriptions of the cannon used in the battle . The Curator of Military History at the Smithsonian Institution verified that Wagner 's cannon was a type of small swivel gun used in America through 1836 . The Conservation Laboratory at the University of Texas confirmed that Wagner 's cannon had been buried in moist ground for an extended time period . 
 The giant western puffball , Calvatia booniana , is much larger than C. sculpta — up to 60 cm ( 24 in ) in diameter and 30 cm ( 12 in ) tall — and has a smoother surface . Mature specimens of Calvatia arctica ( synonymous with Calvatia subcretacea , Gastropila subcretacea , and Handkea subcretacea ) can resemble immature specimens of C. sculpta . It is distinguished from C. sculpta by its tough , thicker peridial wall , and its scales are tipped with gray @-@ brown . Calbovista subsculpta is similar in appearance , but has more flattened and less prominent pyramidal warts . Microscopically , its capillitia are thin @-@ walled and frequently and irregularly branched , in contrast to the thick @-@ walled infrequently branched capillitia of C. sculpta . The " possibly toxic " Amanita magniverrucata , in its embryonic stage , has a superficial resemblance as it also has pyramidal cap warts . However , it grows at different elevations and different seasons than C. sculpta . Further , slicing the fruit body of A. magniverrucata in half will reveal internal structures of cap , gills and stem not present in puffballs . 
 It is safe to observe the total phase of a solar eclipse directly only when the Sun 's photosphere is completely covered by the Moon , and not before or after totality . During this period , the Sun is too dim to be seen through filters . The Sun 's faint corona will be visible , and the chromosphere , solar prominences , and possibly even a solar flare may be seen . At the end of totality , the same effects will occur in reverse order , and on the opposite side of the Moon . 
 A national census in 2005 found that 3 @.@ 86 million elderly Japanese citizens were living alone , compared with 2 @.@ 2 million a decade before . 24 @.@ 4 per cent of men and 9 @.@ 3 per cent of women over the age of 60 in Japan have no neighbours , friends or relatives on whom they could rely , a more recent study discovered . In 2008 , the Associated Press reported that the number of elderly people committing suicide had reached a record high because of health and economic worries . " In what appears to be a collective cry for help , more than 30 @,@ 000 Japanese seniors are arrested every year for shoplifting . Many of those arrested told police they stole out of feelings of boredom and isolation , rather than any economic necessity , " The Globe and Mail reported after the discovery of Kato 's corpse . Jeff Kingston , the Director of Asian Studies at the Japan Campus of Temple University , said , " It is a <unk> phenomenon — the Japanese are traditionally seen as sober , law @-@ abiding people — when they are in fact <unk> like the rest of us . [ The story of the missing centenarians ] holds up a mirror to society and reflects realities that many in Japan do not want to accept . " 
 World War I and the Prohibition impelled local lawmakers to initiate a crackdown on Butte 's red light district ; by 1917 , the district was effectively closed . Signs saying " Men Under 21 Keep Out " were commonplace , and in the next census , prostitution had completely disappeared as a declared profession in Butte . The Dumas , however , remained in operation . In 1925 Anne Vallet began overseeing the Dumas for the Nadeau family , and in the 1930s , operations had passed to Madam Rose Davis . In 1940 Lillian Walden and her husband Dick began running the brothel , raising the price of sex at the brothel to $ 2 . Three years later , the US government ordered all brothels shut down to prevent the spread of venereal diseases among soldiers in World War II . In response , the Dumas began operating even more furtively , now under the guise of being a boardinghouse . The " window @-@ shopping " was abandoned completely and a heavy steel door was installed at the back of the Dumas with a small sliding window ; customers would only gain entrance after the sliding window was opened and their identity was acknowledged . Additionally , doorbells were added and a code system for dealing with troublesome guests was also employed . 
 Stories about Turpin continued to be published well into the 20th century , and the legend was also transferred to the stage . In 1845 the playwright George Dibdin @-@ Pitt recreated the most notable " facts " of Turpin 's life , and in 1846 Marie Tussaud added a wax sculpture of Turpin to her collection at Madame Tussauds . In 1906 actor Fred <unk> wrote and starred in the film Dick Turpin 's Last Ride to York . Other silent versions appeared for the silver screen , and some adaptations even moulded Turpin into a figure styled on Robin Hood . Sid James appeared as Turpin in the 1974 Carry On film , Carry On Dick , and LWT cast Richard O 'Sullivan as Turpin in their eponymous series , Dick Turpin . 
 John Hinde was born in Street before going on to become a photographer whose idealistic and nostalgic style influenced the art of postcard photography and was widely known for his meticulously planned shoots . 
 Compton : Very friendly . 
 Following a three @-@ year period of creative drought in the early 1980s after his marriage to Antonia Fraser and the death of Vivien Merchant , Pinter 's plays tended to become shorter and more overtly political , serving as critiques of oppression , torture , and other abuses of human rights , linked by the apparent " invulnerability of power . " Just before this hiatus , in 1979 , Pinter re @-@ discovered his manuscript of The Hothouse , which he had written in 1958 but had set aside ; he revised it and then directed its first production himself at Hampstead Theatre in London , in 1980 . Like his plays of the 1980s , The Hothouse concerns authoritarianism and the abuses of power politics , but it is also a comedy , like his earlier comedies of menace . Pinter played the major role of <unk> in a 1995 revival at the Minerva Theatre , Chichester . 
 After protesting , they were permitted in the following year to return to East Texas , but only as far as the Trinity River , 175 miles ( 282 km ) from Natchitoches . Led by Antonio Gil Y <unk> , the settlers founded the town of Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Bucareli " where the trail from San Antonio to Los Adaes crossed the Trinity . " The settlers helped smuggle contraband goods from Louisiana to San Antonio , and also helped the soldiers with coastal reconnaissance . 
 Shibuya is divided into several districts , some of which may be inaccessible on certain days or blocked by a wall that can only be removed by satisfying the request of a nearby Reaper , such as erasing Noise symbols , putting on a certain brand of clothing , or bringing an item . Neku can scan the area by activating a special pin . This scan reveals the thoughts of the non @-@ player characters in the <unk> and memes , which may help to progress the plot . The scan also reveals random Noise symbols that drift about the area , or in some cases , float around a specific character . The player initiates a battle by touching Noise symbols ; each symbol constitutes one round of battle . Selecting more than one Noise symbol at a time results in a multi @-@ round battle ( referred to in @-@ game as multiple noise " reductions " ) that gradually increases in difficulty with each round , but conversely leads to greater rewards upon success . Altering the difficulty of the Noise and the amount of health for Neku and his partner also alter the benefits conferred . 
 Some Scout @-@ like organizations are also served by international organizations for example : 
 In the early days of the agency , the only means of transportation were bullock @-@ carts known as <unk> along with palanquins . The roads connecting Madras to Calcutta in the north and the kingdom of Travancore in the south served as lines of communication during wars . From the early 20th century onwards , bullock @-@ carts and horses were gradually replaced by bicycles and motor vehicles , while motor buses were the main means of private road transportation . Presidency Transport and the City Motor Service were pioneers , operating buses manufactured by Simpson and Co. as early as 1910 . The first organised bus system in Madras city was operated by Madras Tramways Corporation between 1925 and 1928 . The 1939 Motor Vehicles Act imposed restrictions on public @-@ owned bus and motor services . Most of the early bus services were operated by private agencies . 
 Toyo Miyatake , who was born in Kagawa , Shikoku , Japan , in 1896 , immigrated to the United States in 1909 . He settled in the Little Tokyo section of Los Angeles , and was incarcerated at Manzanar along with his family . A photographer , Miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into Manzanar and later had a craftsman construct a wooden box with a door that hid the lens . He took many now @-@ famous photos of life and the conditions at Manzanar . His contraband camera was eventually discovered by the camp administration and confiscated . However , camp director Ralph Merritt later allowed Miyatake to photograph freely within the camp , even though he was not allowed to actually press the shutter button , requiring a guard or camp official to perform this simple task . Merritt finally saw no point to this technicality , and allowed Miyatake to take photos . 
 ( a ) a film which is made solely for the purpose of reporting of news by a broadcasting service licensed under any written law ; 
 The fight scene between Lisa and Myfanwy was difficult to shoot , as the actress had to interact with a visual effect creature that would not be added until post @-@ production . The producers added a plastic green beak stuck on the end of a stick to be used as a guide . The scene where the team go up on the invisible lift was made by making the platform stationary , but the camera below it would descend , giving the illusion the platform is ascending . The visual effect of the tools used to create Cybermen were reused from the Doctor Who episode " The Age of Steel " , while the UFO footage when the Torchwood team return from the drinks was a tin foil @-@ covered frisbee on a fishing line . 
 In 335 BC Alexander felt free to engage the Thracians and the Illyrians , but , while he was campaigning in the north , Demosthenes spread a rumour — even producing a bloodstained messenger — that Alexander and all of his expeditionary force had been slaughtered by the <unk> . The Thebans and the Athenians rebelled once again , financed by Darius III of Persia , and Demosthenes is said to have received about 300 talents on behalf of Athens and to have faced accusations of embezzlement . Alexander reacted immediately and razed Thebes to the ground . He did not attack Athens , but demanded the exile of all anti @-@ Macedonian politicians , Demosthenes first of all . According to Plutarch , a special Athenian embassy led by Phocion , an opponent of the anti @-@ Macedonian faction , was able to persuade Alexander to relent . 
 By 1851 , treaties between Native American tribes and the U.S. government had opened much of Minnesota to U.S. settlement . Fort Snelling was no longer a frontier outpost . Efforts to establish Minnesota as a prominent future state in the Union were swift . In 1851 territorial legislature petitioned the U.S. Congress for land to build a railroad between Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Saint Paul . That same year the legislature incorporated the University of Minnesota and established its endowment ( though the University would not admit students until many years later ) . 
 Central Atlas Tamazight is one of the most @-@ spoken Berber languages , along with Kabyle , Shilha , Riff , and <unk> , and in Morocco it rivals Shilha as the most @-@ spoken . All five languages may be referred to as ' Tamazight ' , but Central Atlas speakers are the only ones who use the term exclusively . As is typical of Afro @-@ Asiatic languages , Tamazight has a series of " emphatic consonants " ( realized as pharyngealized ) , <unk> , pharyngeals , and lacks the phoneme / p / . Tamazight has a phonemic three @-@ vowel system , but also has numerous words without vowels . 
 A mercury – thallium alloy , which forms a eutectic at 8 @.@ 5 % thallium , is reported to freeze at − 60 ° C , some 20 ° C below the freezing point of mercury . This alloy is used in thermometers and low @-@ temperature switches . In organic synthesis , thallium ( III ) salts , as thallium <unk> or triacetate , are useful reagents performing different transformations in aromatics , ketones , olefins , among others . Thallium is a constituent of the alloy in the anode plates in magnesium seawater batteries . Soluble thallium salts are added to gold plating baths to increase the speed of plating and to reduce grain size within the gold layer . 
 " Tell It by Heart " by Jami Sieber , from Second Sight 
 Though Edouard remained well away from land throughout its existence , large swells and dangerous rip currents affected much of the East Coast of the United States . Rip current warnings were issued on September 17 for Duval , Flagler , Nassau , and St. Johns counties in Florida and Camden and Glynn counties in Georgia . Waves in the area were forecast to reach 3 to 4 ft ( 0 @.@ 91 to 1 @.@ 22 m ) . On September 17 , two men drowned off the coast of Ocean City , Maryland , due to strong rip currents . The Bermuda Weather Service noted the hurricane as a " potential threat " ; however , Edouard remained several hundred miles away from the islands . 
 The book addresses its subject under three main headings : concealment , advertisement , and disguise . 
 Although traditional in some ways , Levy was progressive in others . " Deeply affected by the enlightened spirit of his day " , according to historian Fred Rosenbaum , he " delivered lectures with titles such as ' Progress of Science ' and , while at the First Hebrew Congregation , he invited Oakland 's Unitarian minister to give a series of talks at the synagogue . Levy in turn was well received at the Unitarian Church , where he spoke on the theory of evolution . " 
 In May 2007 , the school broke ground on a new $ 16 million science and student activity center . The 50 @,@ 000 @-@ square @-@ foot ( 4 @,@ 600 m2 ) building includes extra corridors to ease hall traffic , a larger cafeteria , and additional storage space , along with four combination classrooms and laboratories for biology and earth science , three chemistry classrooms , and two chemistry labs . 
 Crofts was a first team regular in the 2004 – 05 season , making 27 Football League appearances , and scoring his first senior goal for the club in a defeat to Brighton & Hove Albion on 26 December . In January 2005 , he signed a new contract designed to keep him at the club until 2009 . He was omitted from the team for most of March and April , but was recalled for the last match of the season , in which a draw with Nottingham Forest led to the " Gills " being relegated from the Football League Championship , the second tier of English football , to Football League One , the third tier . In the 2005 – 06 season , he made the most appearances of any player in the Gillingham squad , missing only one of the team 's 46 matches in League One . Although the team struggled in the league , finishing in the lower half of the table , they defeated Premier League team Portsmouth in the League Cup , with Crofts scoring the winning goal . The following season , he again made over 40 appearances and also scored eight goals , his best total for an individual season , but Gillingham again finished the season in the bottom half of the table . He made his 100th start for the club on 18 December 2006 in a match against Bournemouth , and marked the occasion with a goal . At the end of the season , he won four awards at the club 's Player of the Year event and was dubbed Mr Gillingham by then @-@ manager Ronnie Jepson . He took over as team captain in the 2007 – 08 season , but it was an unsuccessful season for the team , who were relegated from League One . The following October he was stripped of the captaincy , which was instead given to Barry Fuller . Manager Mark Stimson stated that he felt that the captaincy might have been too much of a burden for Crofts , and had a negative effect on his form . Soon afterwards , the club made Crofts available for transfer . 
 The NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships were contested for in TNA until the morning of May 13 , 2007 . On that day , NWA 's Executive Director Robert Trobich announced that the NWA were ending their five – year agreement with TNA , which had allowed them full control over both titles . Trobich went on to state that effective that morning , then @-@ NWA World Heavyweight Champion Christian Cage and the Team 3D pairing of Brother Devon and Brother Ray , then @-@ NWA World Tag Team Champions , were stripped of their respective championships . The motivation behind these actions was that Cage refused to defend the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against wrestlers from NWA territories . That same day , TNA were scheduled to produce their Sacrifice 2007 PPV event , in which both Cage and Team 3D were to defend their respective championships . On the card , Cage was scheduled to defend the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against Kurt Angle and Sting in a match involving three competitors , also known as a Three @-@ Way match . Team 3D were set to defend the NWA World Tag Team Championship against the team of Scott Steiner and Tomko and the team made up of Hernandez and Homicide , who were known as The Latin American Xchange ( LAX ) , in another Three Way match . 
 He was honored by the Southern California Institute of Architecture in May 1986 for his professional accomplishments and his efforts on behalf of the school ’ s scholarship program . 
 In April 1916 , Fisher returned along with partner J. E. Shelton , forming The Guard Printing Company . Fisher continued to publish the Capital Journal in Salem until 1921 . In 1924 , after Fisher died , Paul R. <unk> purchased the Guard and published it with his son , before selling it in 1927 . The paper was purchased in 1927 by publisher Alton F. Baker , Sr. , whose father had published The Plain Dealer . Three years later , Baker bought the Morning Register and merged the two papers . Reporter William <unk> was recruited from The Plain Dealer to be the managing editor of the new paper . 
 Gliese 581 is known at least from 1886 , when it was included in Eduard Schönfeld 's Southern Durchmusterung ( SD ) — the fourth part of the Bonner Durchmusterung . The corresponding designation is BD -7 4003 . 
 A storm of potentially Cape Verde origin was detected in the Virgin Islands at 1800 UTC on August 5 . Initially moving westward , the tropical storm gradually gained in intensity before making a sharp curve towards the north on August 8 . The storm continued in a northerly motion before a second curvature brought it in a generally westward direction on August 9 . Shortly after , the tropical storm reached hurricane intensity as a modern @-@ day Category 1 hurricane . The hurricane eventually made landfall at peak intensity on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina at 2030 UTC on September 21 . At the time , the storm had maximum sustained winds of 100 mph ( 155 km / h ) and a minimum central pressure of 972 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 71 inHg ) , equivalent to a modern @-@ day Category 2 hurricane . Once inland , the tropical cyclone gradually weakened , and recurved northeastward before dissipating over the Appalachian Mountains on August 14 . 
 Roberta Flack covered " Isn 't It a Pity " on her album Let It Be Roberta – Roberta Flack Sings The Beatles , released in February 2012 . 
 Anime News Network 's Jonathan Mays criticized Steven Foster 's dubbing of the film . He said , " Foster carelessly omits critical details , completely rewrites some scenes , misinterprets emotions , and even adds new dialogue where the original track had silence " . In an Anime News Network interview , Foster said he " made some changes to make the jokes more accessible " . Mays also said , " The animation is breathtaking . Shinkai 's backgrounds have very few equals . The character designs look uninspired , but paired with the animator 's beautifully realized worlds , the generic appearance fades into the magnificence of the scene . " He said Shinkai 's use of lighting is " masterful " , " incredibly realistic " and conveys the characters ' moods well . He called the characters " unoriginal " . DVD Verdict 's Rob Lineberger commended the music , saying " the simple score infuses the animation with meaning . Solitary piano notes are sluggish , as though the pianist lacked the enthusiasm needed to pick up his fingers . When the action kicks in , it arrives with a sonic punch from 5 @.@ 1 speakers . Rockets scream around you , birds move overhead , engines thrum quietly in your wake . The soundtrack does what it is supposed to do : transport you to another world " . 
 The music video for " City Girl " was directed by Lost in Translation director Sofia Coppola . The video was filmed in Tokyo , Japan — where Lost in Translation is based — and features the use of handheld cameras , production techniques such as jump cuts , and " blurry visuals " of the city . Coppola used footage from Lost in Translation that was not included in the final cut alongside selected sequences from the film to create the video . 
 Several B @-@ 17 Flying Fortresses and B @-@ 24 Liberators and at least one F4U Corsair were designated the name Ramblin ' Reck during service in World War II . 
 On 3 March , Harclay was arraigned before a royal justice in Carlisle , but was denied a proper hearing . He was brought forward apparelled in his robes of estate as a knight and earl . His spurs of knighthood were hewed off , and his sword was broken over his head . He was stripped of his robes , and proclaimed to be no knight , but a knave . He was then convicted as a traitor , and condemned to be hanged , drawn and quartered . He behaved with dignity at his execution , where he maintained that he had acted as he did out of concern for the best interest of the country . After his death , his head was taken to the king at Knaresborough in Yorkshire , before it was hung up on London Bridge . The four parts of his body were dispersed around the country , and displayed in Carlisle , Newcastle , Bristol , and Dover . 
 The Oerlikon 20 mm anti @-@ aircraft cannon was one of the most heavily produced anti @-@ aircraft guns of World War II ; the US alone manufactured a total of 124 @,@ 735 of these guns . When activated in 1941 , these guns replaced the .50 in ( 12 @.@ 7 mm ) / 90 cal M2 Browning MG on a one @-@ for @-@ one basis . The Oerlikon 20 mm AA gun remained the primary anti @-@ aircraft weapon of the United States Navy until the introduction of the 40 mm Bofors AA gun in 1943 . 
 Second classes passengers were leisure tourists , academics , members of the clergy and middle class English and American families . The ship 's musicians travelled in second class accommodations ; they were not counted as members of the crew but were employed by an agency under contract to the White Star Line . The average ticket price for an adult second class passenger was £ 13 , the equivalent of £ 1 @,@ 123 <unk> and for many of these passengers , their travel experience on the Titanic was akin to travelling first class on smaller liners . Second class passengers had their own library and the men had access to a private smoking room . Second class children could read the children 's books provided in the library or play deck quoits and shuffleboard on the second class promenade . Twelve @-@ year @-@ old Ruth Becker passed the time by pushing her two @-@ year @-@ old brother Richard around the enclosed promenade in a stroller provided by the White Star Line . 
 Mexican spider monkey , A. g. <unk> 
 Frank 's Cock divides the screen into quadrants , with the majority of the film focusing on the upper @-@ right corner of the screen . In this panel , Rennie 's character gives a monologue , which is sometimes illustrated by images in other panels : the lower @-@ right panel flashes scenes of hardcore gay pornography , the upper @-@ left shows scenes representing human embryo formation , while the lower @-@ left flashes excerpts from popular art . Aside from the original footage of Rennie , the short appropriated clips from the Nova episode " The Miracle of Life " , the gay pornographic film The Best of Blondes , and the music video for Madonna 's 1992 song " Erotica " . The effect was later reused in Hoolboom 's 1997 short <unk> . 
 Credits adapted from the liner notes of Talk That Talk , Def Jam Recordings , SRP Records . 
 In his party speeches , Raj had also reproached North Indian migrants on the celebration of Chhath Puja , a festival popular in Bihar , calling it a " drama " and a " show of arrogance " . He demanded that they must only celebrate Maharashtrian festivals . A petition was filed in the Patna civil court on 8 February against him for his remarks over Chhath Puja . His statements drew flak from leaders of Bihar , especially Indian Railways minister and former chief minister of Bihar , Lalu Prasad Yadav , who challenged that he would come to Mumbai and perform Chhath Puja in front of Raj 's house , also ridiculed Raj saying , " He [ Raj ] is a child in politics " . The Navnirman Sena leader accused migrants of swamping Maharashtra , India 's most industrialised state , in search of jobs . 
 Jenny 's character was unpopular with both fans and critics throughout the entire series because of her frequent narcissistic tendencies , her prima donna ways , her egotistical attitude , irresponsibility , frequent self @-@ pity and selfish persona . She has also been labeled a " love to hate " character . The majority of critics have been intrigued by her " polarising personality " and branded it as one of the main reasons to watch the series . New York magazine gave a large amount of praise to Jenny and on one occasion stated : " Jenny Schecter is The L Word , and the death of her is the death of the show . " Kirshner received critical praise for her portrayal of the character . Kirshner has stated she loved playing Jenny because she felt like a brand new character during each season . She has also stated that it is difficult for people to like the character as she can be " very despicable " and even the LGBT community does not like her because of her " duplicity and confusion " . 
 The Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar was an American fifty @-@ cent piece struck in 1925 at the Philadelphia Mint . Its main purpose was to raise money on behalf of the Stone Mountain Confederate Monumental Association for the Stone Mountain Memorial near Atlanta , Georgia . Designed by sculptor Gutzon Borglum , the coin features a depiction of Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson on the obverse and the caption : " Memorial to the Valor of the Soldier of the South " on the reverse . The piece was also originally intended to be in memory of the recently deceased president , Warren G. Harding , but no mention of him appears on the coin . 
 The album primarily featured co @-@ production between Dr. Dre and Mel @-@ Man and was generally well received by critics . AllMusic writer Stephen Thomas Erlewine noted that Dr. Dre had expanded on the G @-@ funk beats on his previous album , The Chronic , and stated , " He 's pushed himself hard , finding new variations in the formula by adding ominous strings , soulful vocals , and reggae , resulting in fairly interesting <unk> " and went on to say , " Sonically , this is first @-@ rate , straight @-@ up gangsta . " 
 It was the first year that commentators were used in the broadcast of an FA Cup final , with the BBC describing it as an " experiment " . The first commentators were Ivan Sharpe and Norman Creek , who broadcast from 2 : 30 pm onwards before the game to take in the pre – match entertainment . 
 Anderson , E. E. , Lavatelli , L. S. , McDaniel , B. D. , & Sutton , R. B. ( 1944 ) . <unk> ON THE CROSS @-@ <unk> OF 94 Pu @-@ 239 AS A <unk> OF <unk> <unk> IN THE <unk> FROM 0 @.@ 01 eV TO 3 @.@ 0 eV ( No . LA @-@ 91 ) . Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory . New Mexico . 
 She has also supported children 's education and well @-@ being . In May 2014 , Perry and a selection of other artists recorded a cover version of the song " Daisy Bell ( Bicycle Built for Two ) " for a concept album to accompany painter Mark Ryden 's art exhibition , titled " The Gay 90s " . All profits from sales of the album were donated to the charity Little Kids Rock , which supports musical education in underprivileged elementary schools . In June 2014 , she teamed up with Staples Inc. for a project entitled " Make Roar Happen " which donated $ 1 million to <unk> , an organization that supports teachers and funds classroom resources in public schools . In May 2016 , she worked with UNICEF to improve child care quality in Vietnam , hoping to " break the cycle of poverty and drastically improve children 's health , education and well @-@ being " . The following month , UNICEF announced that Perry would receive the Audrey Hepburn Humanitarian Award " for her work as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador in support of the world 's most vulnerable children " at their annual Snowflake Ball in November . 
 Friendship Is Magic takes place in the land of Equestria , populated by varieties of ponies including variants of Pegasus and unicorn , along with other sentient and non @-@ sentient creatures . The central character is Twilight Sparkle , a unicorn mare sent by her mentor Princess Celestia , ruler of Equestria , to the town of Ponyville to study the magic of friendship . In the show 's opening episodes , Twilight resents this assignment , as she is more concerned about the foretold appearance of Nightmare Moon . When Nightmare Moon does appear , vowing everlasting night and causing Celestia to disappear , Twilight sets off with five other ponies — Applejack , Fluttershy , Pinkie Pie , Rainbow Dash , and Rarity — to obtain the Elements of Harmony and defeat Nightmare Moon . Before Twilight can activate the Elements , Nightmare Moon appears and shatters them . In a flash of inspiration , Twilight realizes that each of her new friends represents one of the Elements of Harmony ( Honesty , Loyalty , Laughter , Generosity , and Kindness ) , and that she herself is the final piece , Magic . The magical power of the ponies ' friendship reverts Nightmare Moon to a repentant Princess Luna . Celestia reappears , reunites with her sister Princess Luna , and decrees that Twilight shall stay in Ponyville to continue studying the magic of friendship , much to the happiness of Twilight and her new friends . 
 SMS Prinz Adalbert ( " His Majesty 's Ship Prince Adalbert " ) was an armored cruiser built in the early 1900s for the German Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial Navy ) , named after Prince Adalbert of Prussia , former Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of the Prussian Navy . She was the lead ship of her class , which included a second ship , Friedrich Carl . Prinz Adalbert was built at the Imperial Dockyard in Kiel . Her keel was laid in April 1900 , and she was launched in June 1901 . Her completion in January 1904 had been delayed by a surplus of construction projects at the Imperial Dockyard . She was armed with a main battery of four 21 cm ( 8 @.@ 3 in ) guns , a significant improvement over the previous armored cruiser , Prinz Heinrich , which carried only two such guns . The ship was capable of a top speed of 20 kn ( 37 km / h ; 23 mph ) . 
 Having caught Kern and Feillu on the road , the group lost ground to the peloton and with Wiggins later joining up with the group , Evans ' efforts were in vain ; with the group now back together as a whole , their efforts went back to the original break . Kern was part of another six @-@ rider wave that went clear on the descent from the Col de Richemond , with the highest @-@ placed rider being ninth @-@ placed Luis León Sánchez of Rabobank . Team Sky took up station on the front of the main field , not allowing Sánchez to gain too much ground . The gap peaked out at around the 30 @-@ second mark and with nobody looking to help Sánchez with the pace @-@ making in the group , they sat up and allowed to be reabsorbed into the peloton . FDJ – BigMat 's Arthur <unk> attacked out of the lead group with around 7 km ( 4 @.@ 3 mi ) to go , and soloed away from his breakaway companions to take the victory by 26 seconds from the rest of the group . The peloton crossed the line around one minute down on <unk> , with Wiggins maintaining his 38 @-@ second overall lead as he was part of that group . 
 Mariano Moreno studied French and Spanish authors of the Age of Enlightenment during his studies at Chuquisaca . Jean @-@ Jacques Rousseau 's The Social Contract was a main influence ; he translated this work to Spanish and used it to justify the actions of the Primera Junta . Contemporary people as Ignacio Núñez and Tomás de Anchorena acknowledged him as the translator . However , as the main page said that the work was " reprinted in Buenos Ayres " , some historians doubt whether it was actually Moreno 's work . Vicente Fidel López claimed that Moreno reprinted the translation made by the Spaniard Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos , but the two translations differ . Paul Groussac thought it was a reprint of an Asturian translation , and Ricardo Levene said that Moreno was not the translator , but neither gave any indication as to who they thought had completed it . Enrique de Gandía considers that the comments of contemporary people and the lack of an earlier similar translation of Rousseau 's work allow us to conclude that Moreno must have been the translator , at least until an earlier translation is found . 
 For a time , the Australian Voluntary Hospital was the only Australian presence on the Western Front , but in April 1916 , Australian Army units began arriving from the Middle East in large numbers . The Australian Voluntary Hospital 's site in Wimereux was taken over by No. 3 Australian General Hospital , AIF in June 1916 . The Australian Voluntary Hospital was then absorbed into the British Army as No. 32 Stationary Hospital , with Eames remaining in command . By 1 May 1919 , the hospital had treated 73 @,@ 868 patients . 
 In late 2012 , Simon was diagnosed with terminal colorectal cancer which later metastasized to his other organs , including his liver and kidneys . He had been feeling ill for some time and had earlier been misdiagnosed . He was given between three and six months to live ; chemotherapy treatment reduced the size of his tumors over the following six months . He arranged for his fortune to be left to various charitable causes , stating " The truth is , I have more money than I 'm interested in spending . Everyone in my family is taken care of . And I enjoy this . " Simon died in his Los Angeles home from complications from the disease on March 8 , 2015 , aged 59 . His remains were interred at Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles . 
 American singer @-@ songwriter and parodist " Weird Al " Yankovic had sought permission from Gaga to parody " Born This Way " , providing a brief description of the concept for his song . Her management responded that she must hear the song before providing approval . Yankovic obliged with the lyrics of " Perform This Way " , which was released on April 25 , 2011 , as the first single from his thirteenth studio album , Alpocalypse , on iTunes Store . After what Yankovic described as " considerable expense " in writing , recording , and mastering the song in the studio , he contacted Gaga 's management again with a completed recording of the song . He was subsequently refused permission , without Gaga listening to the track and Yankovic getting the impression that the refusal came from the singer herself . Left with a completed song and abandoned plans for an outlandish music video to promote the song and album , Yankovic released it on YouTube . It was then that Gaga actually heard the song , and personally contacted Yankovic , giving him green light to include the song on Alpocalypse , telling him that her manager had been the one to refuse permission , which was done without her knowledge or input . 
 In the West Midlands , the warmest time of the year is July and August , when maximum temperatures average around 21 ° C ( 70 ° F ) ; the coolest months are January and February , when minimum temperatures average around 1 ° C ( 39 ° F ) . The area 's average maximum and minimum temperatures are almost exactly in line with the national average . The average annual rainfall is about 676 millimetres ( 27 in ) , the wettest months being September to January . This is lower than the national average annual rainfall of 838 mm ( 33 inches ) . 
 Following her release , Alyokhina went to meet with human rights activists . " We didn 't ask for any pardon . I would have sat here until the end of my sentence because I don 't need mercy from Putin , " Maria Alyokhina told the New York Times after her release . " I think this is an attempt to improve the image of the current government , a little , before the Sochi Olympics — particularly for the Western Europeans . But I don 't consider this humane or merciful . This is a lie . " Tolokonnikova also said , " Whether one likes it or not , going to the Olympics in Russia is an acceptance of the internal political situation in Russia , an acceptance of the course taken by a person who is interested in the Olympics above all else — Vladimir Putin . " 
 The Vishnu Purana and the Harivamsa also have a similar account , though the reincarnation of Rati is called <unk> and described as Sambara 's wife , rather than his maid . Both these scriptures safeguard her chastity saying that Rati donned an illusionary form to enchant Sambara . The Brahma Vaivarta Purana explicitly states that Rati does not sleep with Sambara , but gave him the illusionary form of Mayavati . Rati @-@ Mayavati takes a critical role in all narratives of this story where she seduces – by her Maya – both Sambara and Kama @-@ Pradyumna , her " son " who she convinces to be her lover . All texts at the end stress on her purity , untouched by another man . 
 The surrender of the Axis forces in Tunisia in May left the Allies in control of North Africa . The 2nd Division withdrew to its base in Egypt and it was announced that 6 @,@ 000 of its personnel would return to New Zealand for a three @-@ month furlough . Manahi , as one of the original members of the Māori Battalion , was among those selected and shipped out on 15 June 1943 . However , Manahi was not to return to the war for it was later decided that the Māori soldiers on furlough would be exempt from active duty . 
 For the 2010 Formula One season , the Sporting Regulations were changed so that a former driver sits on the stewards ' panel . Prost was the first such driver to take on this role , at the 2010 Bahrain Grand Prix . Prost also took part in the Race of Champions in 2010 , a race organised for legends of motor sport to compete in equal machinery . 
 Cloris Leachman as Mrs. <unk> , Hogarth 's schoolteacher . 
 Leyte operation : Leyte landings : 1 October – 29 November 1944 
 No music video was shot for the single . Only a video commercial for the single was aired in Japan . This became Hamasaki 's first single to not feature a music video ; her next single to not feature a music video was her 2001 single " Unite ! " . 
 While a man , Jack Leverett ( Greg Grunberg ) , is cheating on his wife with a woman named Michelle Cullman ( Susan Ward ) , he finds a hidden camera and , fighting for the camera , kills her . The following day , Monk ( Tony Shalhoub ) announces to his therapist , Dr. Charles Kroger ( Stanley Kamel ) , he will go on his first vacation since the murder of his wife , Trudy . Later , Monk goes to the crime scene to investigate and is informed by Captain Stottlemeyer ( Ted Levine ) and Lieutenant Disher ( Jason Gray @-@ Stanford ) that a film about him will be produced . As method actor David Ruskin ( Stanley Tucci ) — set to play Monk in the film — is there to observe his mannerism , Monk tries to impress him . 
 At the beginning of the war in August 1914 , Bruix was assigned to protect troop convoys from French North Africa to France before she was transferred to the Atlantic to support Allied operations against the German colony of Kamerun in September . She was briefly assigned to support Allied operations in the Dardanelles in early 1915 before she began patrolling the Aegean Sea and Greek territorial waters . 
 Larter appeared in Glamour along with fellow actresses Rachel Bilson and Diane Lane in 2007 . When asked if she still wishes she had the same body she had at 20 she replied , " No . I actually think I look better now because I feel so much better about myself now . And that 's what 's so exciting . As you get older , you get better ... . Look at all these incredible women , like Vanessa Redgrave , who are still so beautiful . The reason is because they embrace who they are . " She has appeared on the covers of Shape , Cosmopolitan , Allure , Glamour , Lucky , InStyle , Maxim and Entertainment Weekly . 
 Unlike in Western Europe where priests were clearly demarcated from the laymen , the clergy of the Eastern Roman Empire remained in close contact with the rest of society . Readers and <unk> were drawn from the laity and expected to be at least twenty years of age while priests and bishops had to be at least 30 . Unlike the Latin church , the Byzantine church allowed married priests and deacons , as long as they were married before ordination . Bishops , however , were required to be unmarried . 
 Haavind was replaced by Bjørn Sund in 1991 . The post @-@ use funds were distributed such that LOA received NOK 76 million . It also acquired a thirty @-@ percent stake in Hamar Olympiske Anlegg , which operates Vikingskipet and Hamar Olympic Amphitheatre in Hamar , and Gjøvik Olympiske Anlegg , which operates Gjøvik Olympic Cavern Hall in Gjøvik . Lillehammer was the only of the five host municipalities to not use municipal grants to build their venues . By late 1991 , LOOC desired a closer cooperation , resulting in a merger between LOA and Lillehammer ' 94 which took the latter 's name . By 1 January 1993 also LOV and LOOC had also been merged to a single entity . Planning of post @-@ Olympic use and demobilization started in early 1993 . 
 Formby was always worried that his son George would watch him on stage , as he did not wish the boy to become a comic , saying " one fool in the family is enough " . Nevertheless , although he had sent George away to train as a jockey , in 1915 he allowed his son to appear on screen , taking the lead part of a stable boy in By the Shortest of Heads , a thriller directed by Bert Haldane . After the filming , Formby sent his son to Ireland , to continue his jockey training , and also sent the five horses Formby had purchased that year , which joined others he had previously bought . 
 In the 18th century , Walmer became the official residence of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and was gradually modified from a military fortification into a private residence . Various Prime Ministers and prominent politicians were appointed as Lord Warden , including William Pitt , the Duke of Wellington and Lord Granville , who adapted parts of the Tudor castle as living spaces and constructed extensive gardens around the property . By 1904 , the War Office agreed that Walmer had no remaining military utility and it passed to the Ministry of Works . Successive Lord Wardens continued to use the property but it was also opened to the public . Walmer was no longer considered a particularly comfortable or modern residence , however , and Lord Curzon blamed the poor condition of the castle for his wife 's death in 1906 . 
 " Get Sexy " is a song by English girl group Sugababes , taken from their seventh studio album , Sweet 7 ( 2010 ) . It was written by Fred Fairbrass , Richard Fairbrass , Rob Manzoli , Philip Lawrence , Ari Levine , Bruno Mars and produced by the latter three under their stage name The Smeezingtons . The song was released on 30 August 2009 as the album 's lead single . Musically , " Get Sexy " is an uptempo electropop song with influences of dance and techno . The song features an interpolation of Right Said Fred 's " I 'm Too Sexy " . It is the last single to feature founding member Keisha Buchanan . 
 Little is known about West Bridge 's activities after her return to the USSB in 1919 , but in June 1922 she was laid up in Philadelphia , where she would remain for almost seven years . In March 1929 , the USSB approved the sale of West Bridge for $ 57 @,@ 000 to the Sudden and Christenson Steamship Company of San Francisco . By May , the ship had been renamed Barbara Cates and was slated for service on the intercoastal freight service of their Arrow Line , which sailed to the Pacific coast from Baltimore ; Norfolk , Virginia ; Savannah , Georgia ; and Jacksonville , Florida . The addition of Barbara Cates and other ships purchased around the same time allowed the Arrow Line to increase its sailings from fortnightly to once every ten days . Barbara Cates ' nine years with the Arrow Line were uneventful . 
 Plato 's Timaeus is presented as a description of someone who is explaining a " likely story " in the form of a myth , and so throughout history commentators have disagreed about which elements of the myth can be seen as the position of Plato . Sedley nevertheless calls it " the creationist manifesto " and points out that although some of Plato 's followers denied that he intended it , in classical times writers such as Aristotle , Epicurus , the Stoics and Galen all understood Plato as proposing the world originated in an " intelligent creative act " . Plato has a character explain the concept of a " demiurge " with supreme wisdom and intelligence as the creator of the cosmos in his work . 
 The growing and increasingly dominant West Coast hip @-@ hop scene of the early to mid 1990s brought Zapp and Roger back into the spotlight for a brief amount of time as many hip @-@ hop acts began favoring Zapp 's material as a source for sampling in their own music . Troutman gained recognition for providing talk @-@ box backing vocals for both the original and remixed version of Tupac Shakur 's 1995 @-@ 96 comeback single " California Love " ; the alternate version of the music video features Troutman playing the keyboard and talk @-@ box during a party . Roger 's involvement in " California Love " awarded him a Grammy nomination for " Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group " in 1997 . 
 34 ( 34 / 52 – 65 @.@ 38 % ) , Graham Appo in 1998 
 As Charles leaves Scranton , returning to corporate , Michael does not allow him to have any final words , mirroring Charles 's earlier treatment of Michael when he quit . 
 A review in Psychology Today called the book " An alarming exposé of the burgeoning business of boot camps and drug rehab centers that promise to reform troubled teens " , and described Szalavitz 's work as " a meticulously reported and thoughtful investigation " . Vanessa Bush of Booklist characterized the book as " a revealing , at times horrifying look at the troubled @-@ teen industry . " Publishers Weekly noted : " With a useful appendix discussing when and how to get responsible help for a troubled teen , this book , filled with first @-@ person accounts , should be required reading in Parenting 101 " , calling the work " a courageous — if horrifying — study of the tough @-@ love industry " . 
 Upon becoming a hurricane , Alex was located in a moist , low shear environment , which led to steady intensification on June 30 . The pressure continued to fall — a sign of an intensifying cyclone — with a more rapid drop occurring that afternoon and evening . The hurricane strengthened into a Category 2 storm late on June 30 as it approached the northeastern Mexican coast . At 0200 UTC on July 1 , Alex made landfall at peak strength , with maximum sustained winds of 105 mph ( 165 km / h ) , gusts of 125 mph ( 205 km / h ) and an unusually low central pressure of 947 millibars ( 28 @.@ 0 inHg ) in the municipality of Soto la Marina in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas . After the storm , the National Hurricane Center revised the landfall intensity estimate , showing Alex was even stronger when it struck the Mexican coast , with sustained winds of 110 mph ( 175 km / h ) and a central pressure of 946 millibars ( 27 @.@ 9 inHg ) . Several hours after moving ashore , the storm weakened to Category 1 status , and its structure began to deteriorate . However , deep convection persisted around the center . By 1200 UTC , Alex had weakened into a tropical storm ; by 0000 UTC July 2 , the Sierra Madre Oriental disrupted Alex 's core , causing the storm to weaken into a tropical depression and dissipate over San Luis Potosí . However , the interaction with the mountain range caused orographic lift on the eastern side of the storm after the center of circulation had ceased to exist , producing torrential rainfall throughout northern and central Mexico . Following the dissipation of Alex , divergence at the 200 mb atmospheric pressure level ( approximately at 10 km ( 6 @.@ 2 mi ) of altitude ) , a ridge of high pressure located over southern Texas , and Alex 's residual moisture interacted to produce intense convection over Nuevo León , Tamaulipas and Coahuila for the next 72 hours . 
 Lundy has attracted many vagrant birds , in particular species from North America . The island 's bird list totals 317 species . This has included the following species , each of which represents the sole British record : Ancient murrelet , eastern <unk> and eastern <unk> . Records of <unk> lark , American robin and common yellowthroat were also firsts for Britain ( American robin has also occurred two further times on Lundy ) . <unk> in 1987 and 1997 were Britain 's second and fourth records , a Rüppell 's warbler in 1979 was Britain 's second , an eastern Bonelli 's warbler in 2004 was Britain 's fourth , and a black @-@ faced bunting in 2001 Britain 's third . 
 Nesbitt found a number of further potential synapomorphies , and discounted a number of synapomorphies previously suggested . Some of these are also present in <unk> , which Nesbitt recovered as a sister group to Dinosauria , including a large anterior trochanter , metatarsals II and IV of subequal length , reduced contact between ischium and pubis , the presence of a cnemial crest on the tibia and of an ascending process on the astragalus , and many others . 
 Despite the seriousness of the episode , Richards included some wit and humour . For instance , the scene where Lucas bugs Lindemann 's office and " small talks " Ros ; the producers wanted the scene to be different from similar scenes from movies involving secret agents planting bugs in offices and homes . The producers also wanted to have Ruth return her confidence in her work , back to how she was before her departure . The finale also includes Lucas being confused over Sarah . The writing team wanted him to despise her as a villain , but at the same time , still maintain feelings for her . Following her death , they did not want Lucas to be calm and calculating when confronting the assassin , but instead make him " lose it " and then have him broken afterward . 
 In February 1937 , Kongō was assigned to the Sasebo Naval District , and in December she was placed under the command of Takeo Kurita in the Third Battleship Division . In April 1938 , two float planes from Kongō bombed the Chinese town of Foochow during the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War . Throughout 1938 and 1939 , Kongō steamed off the Chinese coast in support of Japanese Army operations during the war . In November 1939 , Captain Raizo Tanaka assumed command of Kongō . From November 1940 to April 1941 , additional armor was added to Kongō 's armament barbettes and ammunition tubes , while ventilation and firefighting equipment was also improved . In August 1941 , she was assigned to the Third Battleship Division under the command of Vice Admiral Gunichi Mikawa alongside her fully modified sister warships Hiei , Kirishima and the Haruna . 
 On 11 November 1929 , Maxwell attended the New South Wales Dinner for recipients of the Victoria Cross in Sydney , and 1932 saw the publication of Hell 's Bells and <unk> , a book written in collaboration with Hugh Buggy about his experiences in the war . At the time , Maxwell was working as a gardener with the Department of the Interior in Canberra . The book was a success , but Maxwell soon spent what money he made from it . In the late 1930s , he wrote the manuscript for a second book entitled From the Hindenburg Line to the Breadline . The book was never published and the manuscript was lost when it was lent to someone to read . 
 Women 
 The term " Gasheads " is now universally accepted within the English media and football fraternity as referring to Bristol Rovers supporters . After the club 's relegation to Football League Two in 2001 , the club designated the squad number 12 to the Gasheads to signify them as the club 's 12th Man in recognition of their loyal support . 
 On November 22 , Kemp came in second to Ryan Braun in the voting for the National League Most Valuable Player Award . Later , it was revealed that Braun had tested positive for elevated testosterone and baseball attempted to suspend him , but lost on appeal . A survey of baseball writers revealed that if the MVP vote was retaken , with knowledge of Braun 's positive test , then Kemp would have won . Braun was eventually suspended as part of the Biogenesis scandal . Kemp publicly stated that he believed Braun should be stripped of his MVP Award from that season . 
 On May 1 , 1823 , Morehead married Susan A. Roberts ; the couple had two children . He was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives representing Warren County from 1828 to 1831 . While there , he served on the Committee on Internal Improvements , and reported a bill for state subscription to the Maysville @-@ Lexington Turnpike Company in 1831 . 
 Electron microscopy offers a higher resolution image . In an electron microscope , a beam of focused electrons interacts with the sample rather than a beam of light as in traditional microscopy . In conjunction with rapid freezing techniques , electron microscopy has also been used to study the mechanisms of inter- and intracellular transport , for instance in demonstrating that <unk> vesicles are the means of chemical release at synapses . 
 Height : 30 ft 0 in ( 9 @.@ 1 m ) 
 Guided by similar motivations as his former partner , Foucault in 1850 was more interested in settling the particle @-@ versus @-@ wave debate than in determining an accurate absolute value for the speed of light . Foucault measured the differential speed of light versus water by inserting a tube filled with water between the rotating mirror and the distant mirror . His experimental results , announced shortly before Fizeau announced his results on the same topic , were viewed as " driving the last nail in the coffin " of Newton 's corpuscle theory of light when it showed that light travels more slowly through water than through air . Newton had explained refraction as a pull of the medium upon the light , implying an increased speed of light in the medium . The corpuscular theory of light went into abeyance , completely overshadowed by wave theory . This state of affairs lasted until 1905 , when Einstein presented heuristic arguments that under various circumstances , such as when considering the photoelectric effect , light exhibits behaviors indicative of a particle nature . 
 The episode also features the acting debut of Welsh singer Katherine Jenkins . Shortly before her 30th birthday in June 2010 , Jenkins was asked about the part , and she accepted . Moffat was unaware that Jenkins had no former acting experience . Jenkins originally was not interested in acting , but thought that she would " like to try " Doctor Who , as it was " such an iconic show " . Producer Sanne <unk> believed that Jenkins was " a perfect fit " for the role . Though she was nervous , Jenkins found the Doctor Who team " encouraging and supportive " and believed she would act again " if the right thing came along " . 
 Hakim 's first Hollywood experience came in 2010 , Hakim played <unk> , a Balinese <unk> seller , alongside Julia Roberts in Eat Pray Love . Arriving in Bali three days before shooting , she found herself rushed to read the script , be fitted , and rid herself of her green hair . She met with the person her character was based on to prepare for her role . That same year , Hakim accepted a <unk> Award for her " outstanding achievements " ; she compared the award to Viagra , saying that it " make [ s ] [ her ] stronger to satisfy [ audiences ] " . 
 The poem is a detailed description of several objects , including a photo album and the camera that took the pictures in it , and is essentially about the nostalgia that the speaker , presumably Gibson himself , feels towards the details of his family 's history : the painstaking descriptions of the houses they lived in , the cars they drove , and even their pets . 
 Plans to develop the site as a memorial to Du Bois in the late 1960s were delayed due to local opposition . The site 's proponents attributed this in part to racism , but opinions were generally expressed as opposition to Du Bois ' more radical politics in later life . On May 11 , 1976 the site was declared a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The site was donated to the state in 1987 , and is administered by the University of Massachusetts , Amherst . 
 In January 2009 , McCormack returned to television in the TNT drama Trust Me , co @-@ starring Tom Cavanagh . The series , set around a fictional advertising firm , starred McCormack as Mason McGuire , the firm 's newly promoted creative director , and deals with his best friend 's ( Cavanagh ) unpredictable behavior . In an interview with USA Weekend , McCormack revealed he was not afraid of being typecast . McCormack 's decision to do the show was due to " great writing " . The show debuted on January 26 , 2009 , and was watched by almost 3 @.@ 4 million viewers . Trust Me debuted to very positive reviews , with Tim Goodman of the San Francisco Chronicle writing , " ... the series is surprisingly solid . " Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times wrote that McCormack and Cavanagh " manage to keep their characters sharply defined but low @-@ key . They are opposites but not in an ash @-@ smudged , Windex @-@ wielding Felix and Oscar way . " The series , however , was cancelled after one season , due to poor ratings . 
 The highest attendance recorded at Hampden for a football match was 149 @,@ 415 , for the 1937 British Home Championship tie between Scotland and England . This is still a European record for an international match . The 1937 Scottish Cup Final between Celtic and Aberdeen drew an official crowd of 147 @,@ 365 , a world record for a club match , with 20 @,@ 000 more people locked outside . Hampden set world attendance records that year that were only surpassed by the Maracanã , and it still holds all the major European records . The European Cup match between Celtic and Leeds United in 1970 was attended by 136 @,@ 505 , which is a UEFA competition record . 
 On 6 August 2007 , Sunderland celebrated 10 years at the Stadium of Light with a draw against Juventus , and prepared for the oncoming season by spending nearly £ 40 million on new players for the squad , whilst also breaking the British transfer record for a goalkeeper with the £ 9 million transfer of Craig Gordon . Sunderland 's season took off with a victory at home against Tottenham , as Michael Chopra scored in the last minute . After a derby victory over Middlesbrough , and with teams below failing to win , Sunderland secured their Premier League status for the 2008 – 09 season . On 25 October 2008 , Sunderland defeated rivals Newcastle United 2 – 1 at the Stadium of Light , their first home win over them since 1980 , and the first time they had ever defeated them at that ground. on 4 December 2008 , Keane left Sunderland after a run of defeats in the Premier League . First @-@ team coach Ricky Sbragia took over as caretaker manager , and on 27 December 2008 Sbragia took the job on a permanent basis , signing an 18 @-@ month contract . Despite promising early results , the team continued to struggle and narrowly avoided relegation from the Premiership on the last day of the season , after which Sbragia resigned from his post . 
 The band 's parts were recorded at Downtown Recorders in Boston , Massachusetts . The string section of " Monkey Gone to Heaven " was recorded while Doolittle was being mixed at Carriage House Studios in Stamford , Connecticut . Gil Norton , the album 's producer , was inspired to add a string section to the song after seeing Deal plucking the strings of a grand piano during recording . The production team , led by Norton , asked the studio owner John <unk> to bring in string players for one evening session . The studio was often used for recording orchestral scores for B @-@ movies such as Missing in Action and Silver Bullet . <unk> hired four classical musicians from a local orchestra for the recording , with the session taking place on the afternoon of December 4 , 1988 . 
 Barry Goldberg - piano , organ 
 Cockerell placed the genus into the subfamily Ponerinae . He noted similarities between Archimyrmex and Myrmecia and Prionomyrmex , suggesting Archimyrmex to be an intermediate between the two other genera . The genus was re @-@ described in 1928 by palaeoentomologist William Wheeler who moved the genus from Ponerinae to Myrmicinae . This placement was not challenged until a 2003 paper by Russian palaeoentomologists G.M. Dlussky and K.S. Perfilieva , who moved the genus again , this time to the primitive Subfamily Myrmeciinae based on the close similarity between Archimyrmex and Prionomyrmex . In 1957 , an additional species of fossil ant was described from the Middle Eocene Ventana Formation in the Rio <unk> region of Argentina by M.J. Viana and J.A. Haedo Rossi . They placed the species into a new genus , Ameghinoia as Ameghinoia " piatnitzkyi . As with Archimyrmex , the genus was first placed in Ponerinae . It was subsequently moved to Myrmeciinae by R.R. Snelling in 1981 . A second Ventana Formation ant species was described in 1981 by E. Rossi de Garcia and placed into another new genus <unk> as P. smekali . Recovered from an outcrop of the Ventana Formation in the Rio <unk> area , Rossi de Garcia distinguished the new species from " A. " piatnitzkyi based on characteristics of the wing venation and because of the difference in size of the two type specimens . A series of fossils from the three genera were examined by Dlussky and Perfilieva and based on the very notable similarities between the three species , they synonymized the three genera under Archimyrmex , treating both Ameghinoia and " <unk> " as junior synonyms . A fourth species , A. wedmannae was described by Dlussky in 2012 based on fossils found in the Middle Eocene Messel Pit site of Germany . The specific epithet was chosen by Dlussky to honour <unk> Sonja <unk> . 
 Kinský joined FC Slovan Liberec in 1998 , reaching the final of the 1998 – 99 Czech Cup in his first season . In the summer of 1999 Kinský broke his thumb , resultantly not playing for the autumn half of the 1999 – 2000 season and subsequently sharing goalkeeping duties with <unk> <unk> in the spring . Liberec finished the season by winning the 1999 – 2000 Czech Cup . 
 The song 's first promotional music video , directed by Peter Chelsom , is an excerpt from Hannah Montana : The Movie that was premiered on Disney Channel on January 19 , 2009 . 
 Despite Stewart 's involvement in transferring resource rights to Alberta , his relationship with the UFA government that had defeated him in 1921 was frosty : Lakeland College historian Franklin Foster , in his biography of UFA Premier John Edward Brownlee , alleges that this antipathy influenced Stewart 's preference for private corporations over the Alberta government in granting hydroelectric power permits . He also feuded with then @-@ Premier Brownlee over development in Alberta 's national parks ( Stewart favouring large @-@ scale private development and Brownlee opposing it ) , causing King to record in his diary " Brownlee strikes me as ... being superior to Mr. Stewart , who is handicapped in his dislike of [ Brownlee ] . " When King sought to absorb Progressives into his Liberal Party to form a stronger coalition against the Conservatives , Stewart opposed cooperation with the UFA leaders who made up a large part of the Progressives ' Albertan base . While King was inclined to view UFA politicians , like Progressives elsewhere , as " Liberals in a hurry " who were fundamentally comfortable with his government and preferred it to the Conservatives , Stewart understood that the UFA was a distinct group whose members were in many respect more conservative than liberal . King dismissed his minister 's views as being the result of Stewart 's acrimonious history with the UFA . 
 Arrangements by Michael Jackson , Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis and Dallas Austin 
 After four months of delays , trial runs using the first THSR 700T trains began on 27 January 2005 , on the Tainan – Kaohsiung section . On 30 October 2005 , a day after a test run passed the planned top service speed of 300 km / h ( 186 mph ) , the targeted maximum test speed of 315 km / h ( 196 mph ) was achieved . The section between Banqiao ( Taipei ) and Zuoying ( Kaohsiung ) opened to the public on 5 January 2007 . The HSR platforms at Taipei Station opened on 2 March 2007 , bringing the entire line into operation . 
 More than 200 Upanishads are known , of which the first dozen or so are the oldest and most important and are referred to as the principal or main ( mukhya ) Upanishads . The mukhya Upanishads are found mostly in the concluding part of the Brahmanas and <unk> and were , for centuries , memorized by each generation and passed down orally . The early Upanishads all predate the Common Era , some in all likelihood pre @-@ Buddhist ( 6th century BCE ) , down to the Maurya period . Of the remainder , some 95 Upanishads are part of the Muktika canon , composed from about the last centuries of 1st @-@ millennium BCE through about 15th @-@ century CE . New Upanishads , beyond the 108 in the Muktika canon , continued to be composed through the early modern and modern era , though often dealing with subjects which are unconnected to the Vedas . 
 1873 : Andrew Smith first utilized the term " caisson disease " describing 110 cases of decompression sickness as the physician in charge during construction of the Brooklyn Bridge . The project employed 600 compressed air workers . Recompression treatment was not used . The project chief engineer Washington Roebling suffered from caisson disease , and endured the after @-@ effects of the disease for the rest of his life . During this project , decompression sickness became known as " The Grecian Bends " or simply " the bends " because afflicted individuals characteristically bent forward at the hips : this is possibly reminiscent of a then popular women 's fashion and dance maneuver known as the Grecian Bend . 
 We thought it fitting that there be an element named for the Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev , who had developed the periodic table . In nearly all our experiments discovering transuranium elements , we 'd depended on his method of predicting chemical properties based on the element 's position in the table . But in the middle of the Cold War , naming an element for a Russian was a somewhat bold gesture that did not sit well with some American critics . 
 The studio 's basic equipment consisted of " two analog 24 @-@ track machines , a Studer A80 , and a Studer A80 shell that had been modified by a local electronics wizard , with its own audio cards and transport controls " . To record vocals a Neumann U47 tube microphone and a Decca compressor were used without equalization . All of So 's songs were made in a similar format . Gabriel would record a piano demo on a modified " B machine " and play this to the band . During rehearsals , the band would listen to the B machine through headphones and record their output onto the " A machine " ; parts of Gabriel 's demo would also be transferred to the A machine at this stage . Subsequent takes of the song were then put onto the B machine in order for the band to hear what they had played with the demo , as well as the song 's new and old takes . 
 In 2010 , he finished 8th in the National League in triples ( 7 ) , and 9th stolen bases ( 29 ) . He executed some delayed steals by taking off with the toss back to the mound " when neither infielder is covering second and the catcher is nonchalant with the ball after receiving the pitch " . On April 11 against the Atlanta Braves , he had his first career 5 @-@ RBI game , falling a double shy of the first cycle in Padres history . On May 19 , Venable moved into the lead off position in the lineup and he fell a home run shy of the franchise 's first cycle against the Los Angeles Dodgers , going 4 @-@ for @-@ 5 at the plate after getting a triple in the 1st inning and a double in the third . In June 23 , June 25 and 27 , Venable hit tie @-@ breaking home runs in Padre victories against the Florida Marlins and Tampa Bay Rays . On July 3 , he went on the 15 @-@ day disabled list due to back problems . On September 29 against the Chicago Cubs , he stole two potential home runs ( from Alfonso Soriano and Aramis Ramirez ) on deep fly balls . In the game he achieved his career @-@ high 10 @-@ game hitting streak . He also led National League outfielders with 5 errors . He set new career @-@ highs with 13 home runs and 51 RBI . Again , the majority of his innings were in right field ( 600 @.@ 1 of 936 @.@ 1 innings ) . He split his remaining time between left field ( 171 @.@ 2 ) and center field ( 164 @.@ 1 ) . 
 The Aegyl ( <unk> , <unk> ) is a winged , humanlike race appearing in Final Fantasy XII : Revenant Wings . These wings count as both a blessing ( able to fly in the air ) and a curse ( resulting in a short lifespan of 40 years ) . The Aegyl dwell in the ruins of the Lemurés . They are a people without emotion and thus have no true conflict amongst themselves , but there are a few who tend to go against the will of their people ; such as Llyud . But overtime , as Auraliths were being destroyed , the Aegyl regained their emotions , with some feeling mostly rage on the sky pirates who terrorized them and Ivalice for its sins against them . Their race departed from Ivalice when Lemurés crumbled . 
 The region of the southern Levant has a varied past and as such , its cuisine has contributions from various cultures . After the area was conquered by the Muslims , it became part of a Bilad al @-@ Sham under the name Jund Filastin . Therefore , many aspects of Palestinian cuisine are similar to the cuisine of Syria — especially in the Galilee . Modern Syrian @-@ Palestinian dishes have been generally influenced by the rule of three major Islamic groups : the Arabs , the Persian @-@ influenced Arabs ( Iraqis ) and the Turks . 
 The tropical cyclones of the season produced a total of 88 fatalities and $ 38 @.@ 5 million in property damage ( 1950 USD ) . The first officially named Atlantic hurricane was Hurricane Able , which formed on August 12 , brushed the North Carolina coastline , and later moved across Atlantic Canada . The strongest hurricane of the season , Hurricane Dog , reached the equivalent of a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson scale , and caused extensive damage to the Leeward Islands . Two major hurricanes affected Florida : Easy produced the highest 24 @-@ hour rainfall total recorded in the United States , while King struck downtown Miami as a Category 4 hurricane and caused $ 27 @.@ 75 million ( 1950 USD ) of damage . The two major landfalls made the 1945 – 1950 period the only five @-@ year period to feature five major hurricane landfalls in the United States — a record that held until tied in 2000 – 2005 . The last storm of the year , an unnamed tropical storm , dissipated on November 13 . 
 Michigan dominated the game , defeating Illinois 31 – 14 . Michigan scored two touchdowns in the first half . Fitzgerald Toussaint ran for 121 yards in the first quarter , including a 65 @-@ yard run on the second play of the game to set up a nine @-@ yard touchdown run by Denard Robinson . In the second quarter , Robinson scored his second rushing touchdown of the game on a two @-@ yard run . Michigan lost another scoring opportunity in the second quarter after tight end Kevin Koger gained 40 yards on a pass from Robinson . Robinson ran for an apparent touchdown from the eight @-@ yard line , but the call was reversed when replay officials ruled that Robinson had stepped out of bounds at the two @-@ yard line . On fourth down from the one @-@ yard line , Robinson was stopped after a low snap slowed his momentum . A fumble by Robinson ended another drive , and Brendan Gibbons missed a 38 @-@ yard field goal with one minute left in the half . Michigan 's defense held Illinois to 30 total yards in the first half . In the third quarter , Gibbons kicked a 27 @-@ yard field goal , but Illinois responded with a touchdown on a one @-@ yard run by Nathan Scheelhaase . Denard Robinson left the game in the third quarter after sustaining a blow to his wrist . In the fourth quarter , J.T. Floyd intercepted a Scheelhaase pass and returned it 43 yards into Illinois territory . Shortly thereafter , backup quarterback Devin Gardner threw a 27 @-@ yard touchdown pass to Martavious Odoms to put Michigan ahead 24 – 7 . Illinois closed the gap to 24 – 14 on an 18 @-@ play drive capped by a one @-@ yard touchdown run by Jason Ford . After the touchdown , the Illini attempted an onside kick , but Michigan recovered , and Toussaint ran 27 yards for Michigan 's fourth and final touchdown . 
 Winslet received Academy Award nominations as the younger versions of the characters played by fellow nominees Gloria Stuart , as Rose , in Titanic ( 1997 ) and Judi Dench , as Iris Murdoch , in Iris . These are the only instances of the younger and older versions of a character in the same film both yielding Academy Award nominations , thus making Winslet the only actor to twice share an Oscar nomination with another for portraying the same character . 
 March 13 , 1971 – second show - part 1 
 " Massive Attack " is a song by American rapper Nicki Minaj and American recording artist Sean Garrett . Written by Minaj , co @-@ written and produced by Garrett and Alex da Kid , " Massive Attack " was released on April 13 , 2010 . It was initially intended to be the first single from Minaj 's debut studio album Pink Friday , but the release was later scrapped in favor of " Your Love " . The song was a distinct change in Minaj 's previous work on mixtapes and features , thus receiving mixed to positive reviews from critics , commending lyrical content and distinctiveness , and critiquing that it did not fit her " Barbie " persona well . An accompanying music video which features a helicopter chase , and militaristic jungle and desert scenes , was positively received . 
 A number of reviews were more critical of Haggard 's work . Although the reviewer of She in Blackwood 's Edinburgh Magazine considered it better than King Solomon 's Mines , he opined , " Mr. Rider Haggard has not proved as yet that he has anything that can be called imagination at all ... It might be wrought up into an unparalleled stage effect : but it is rather a failure in pen and ink . The more fearful and wonderful such circumstances are intended to be , the more absurd is the failure of them " . Even more scathing was Augustus Moore in the May edition of Time : A Monthly Miscellany , who declared : " In Mr Haggard 's book I find none of the powerful imagination , the elaborate detail , the vivid English which would entitle his work to be described as a romance ... [ rather ] it seems to me to be the method of the modern melodrama " . Moore was particularly dismissive of the novel 's style and prose : " Mr Haggard cannot write English at all . I do not merely refer to his bad grammar , which a boy at a Boarding School would deserve to be <unk> for ... It can only have been written by a man who not only knew nothing , but cared nothing for ' English undefiled ' . " Haggard 's English was a common source of criticisms , but Moore was even dismissive of the character of She who widely garnered universal praise . " Ayesha " , Moore declares , " is about as impressive as the singing chambermaid who represents the naughty fairy of a pantomime in tights and a tow wig " . Concluding his review , Moore wondered at the success that had greeted She : 
 Carroll had difficulty filling the position of president of the university , with many candidates declining the job before Robert Plunkett first took the office in 1791 , though he only served 18 months . He oversaw the division of the academy into " college " , " preparatory " , and " elementary " , with the youngest starting at age eight . Jean @-@ Edouard de <unk> became the first teacher in late October 1791 , and the first student , William Gaston , was enrolled on November 22 , 1791 . Classes commenced on January 2 , 1792 , with around 69 students attending in its first year . Georgetown 's second building , Old North , which survives to this day , began construction in 1794 . At three times the size of Old South , it greatly increased the number of classrooms and sleeping space on campus . Upon the building 's completion , George Washington visited and spoke from the porch , a position since reserved for U.S. Presidents . 
 Many of the stories have been translated into several languages , including English . The series has received recognition through a number of prestigious awards , including the Grand Prix de la ville d 'Angoulême . An animated television series , Time Jam : Valerian & Laureline , was released in 2007 . 
 " Beautiful Liar " ( featuring Shakira ) – 3 : 19 
 Betances was psychologically devastated by Lita 's death . Accompanied by his sister , brother @-@ in @-@ law , local friends and a few Puerto Rican friends residing in Paris at the time ( which included Basora , Francisco <unk> and another Cabo Rojo native , future political leader Salvador Carbonell ) , Betances had Lita buried on April 25 . Her body was later reburied in Mayagüez , on November 13 of that year . Salvador Brau , a historian and close friend , later wrote that once Betances returned to Puerto Rico with Lita 's body , he suspended all personal activities besides his medical work , spent a considerable amount of time caring for her tomb at the Mayagüez cemetery , and assumed the physical aspect that most people identify Betances with : dark suit , long unkempt beard , and " Quaker " hat . 
 Following the rejection of the script , Roddenberry planned to convert his treatment into a novel . After his assistant Susan Sackett showed him the manuscript of a novel that actor Walter Koenig had asked her to type , Roddenberry sought Koenig 's collaboration on The God Thing . Roddenberry had already produced 68 pages after working on it for a month when he handed it to Koenig , who added another 83 in two months . Roddenberry received the changes enthusiastically , but a few weeks later Sackett informed Koenig that the project had been abandoned . In his 1997 autobiography Warped Factors , Koenig stated that he still had copies of the work he had completed on the book . 
 After the other judges delivered their judgments , Lord Ellenborough concluded , 
 Sifton 's time as Premier corresponded with the rise of the United Farmers of Alberta ( UFA ) as a political force . Formed in 1909 by the merger of the Society of Equity and the Alberta Farmers ' Association , the UFA would later become a political party and govern Alberta from 1921 until 1935 . During Sifton 's tenure , however , its entry into direct politics was still several years away , and it confined itself to advocating for farmers ' interests . In a province in which 50 @,@ 004 people voted in the 1909 provincial election , the UFA claimed an initial membership of 2 @,@ 100 , which climbed to 9 @,@ 400 in 1913 . Moreover , these figures did not include the many farmers who were active in the organization without paying dues ; the UFA was a force to be reckoned with , and Sifton took notice . 
 The station itself is a Flemish bond brick @-@ built property with a slate hipped roof and chimney rising to 71 feet ( 22 m ) in height . A cottage section was added alongside it in the 1860s , to provide accommodation for the station @-@ keeper . Originally given a Grade II listing , the property was upgraded to Grade II * by English Heritage since it is now the only surviving station that still houses a functioning engine . Beside the cottage is a long single @-@ storey building that houses a 1914 Lancashire boiler ; this was used to provide steam . Next to it is a forge , where the keeper would have made a number of his own tools . The boiler required constant running and thus consumed a good deal of coal . 
 Jordan Leslie Eberle ( born May 15 , 1990 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger and alternate captain currently playing for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . He was selected in the first round , 22nd overall , in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft . 
 The general reception of English law under the Second Charter of Justice ( see the article " Law of Singapore " ) was subject to three qualifications – one of which was that English law should be modified in application to Singapore so as not to cause injustice or oppression to the indigenous people of the island . Regard was to be had to their religions , usages and manners . This principle generally applied in family law and related matters . Thus in certain early , cases English law was modified by Chinese , Malay and Hindu customary law , and some native usages or customs acquired the force of law . However , the enactment of the Women 's Charter in 1961 has unified the family law for all ethno @-@ religious groups in Singapore except the Muslims , who are separately regulated by the Administration of Muslim Law Act . 
 When talking about " On the Floor " , during an interview with MTV , Lopez said that she wanted a song that would evolve her sound , " it feels like me today , which I like . It 's not something that you hear and you 're like , ' That 's not her , ' but you also go , ' Is that her ? I like that . It 's new , ' and that 's what I wanted . I wanted it to be very me , but I wanted it to be me not from my first album or my second album , but for today . " Additionally , Lopez felt a strong connection to " On the Floor " because it captured both sides of her career , singing and dancing , " The minute RedOne played it for me , I made him play it 20 times in a row , and I just sat there at the board and I kept listening to it and listening to it ... Because I really feel like , emotionally , I connected to it , but also because of how much I love to dance and how much that 's always been such a big part of who I am since I started . Since I was a little girl , I just totally connected with the idea of getting out there . " 
 " Take Me Home " , the final single released from the album , is often considered to be one of Collins ' most well known songs , and has been a part of all of his tours since The No Jacket Required World Tour . It reached number seven on the US Billboard charts , and number 19 on the UK charts . The song was not slated for a single release , but the label decided to do so after it became an airplay hit on several US radio stations who decided to play the track . " Take Me Home " also got a video where Collins sung in various locations around the world . 
 The spotted eagle ray has many different common names , including white @-@ spotted eagle ray , bonnet skate , bonnet ray , duckbill ray and spotted duck @-@ billed ray . 
 Sweethearts ( 1875 ) , based on Gilbert 's 1874 play , Sweethearts 
 Gouverneur Morris is credited , both now and then , as the chief draftsman of the final document , including the stirring preamble . Not all the delegates were pleased with the results ; thirteen left before the ceremony , and three of those remaining refused to sign : Edmund Randolph of Virginia , George Mason of Virginia , and Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts . George Mason demanded a Bill of Rights if he was to support the Constitution . The Bill of Rights was not included in the Constitution submitted to the states for ratification , but many states ratified the Constitution with the understanding that a bill of rights would soon follow . Shortly before the document was to be signed , Gorham proposed to lower the size of congressional districts from 40 @,@ 000 to 30 @,@ 000 citizens . A similar measure had been proposed earlier , and failed by one vote . George Washington spoke up here , making his only substantive contribution to the text of the Constitution in supporting this move . The Convention adopted it without further debate . Gorham would sign the document , although he had openly doubted whether the United States would remain a single , unified nation for more than 150 years . Ultimately , 39 of the original 55 delegates ended up signing , but it is likely that none were completely satisfied . Their views were summed up by Benjamin Franklin , who said , 
 Having previously arranged to travel back overland from Peking and rendezvous with Alceste at Canton , Amherst was ferried to the mouth of the Hai River on 9 August . Amherst 's mission and return journey would take several weeks , thus providing Maxwell an opportunity to explore the area . Alceste headed north while Lyra , under the command of Lieutenant Basil Hall , was ordered to explore the south . The General Hewitt , an Indiaman chartered to carry gifts for the Emperor of China , was to take the centre channel . Alceste first undertook a survey of the Gulf of Liaodong , at that time virtually unknown to Europeans and after spending some time exploring the Liaodong Peninsula , Alceste proceeded southward to Jiaozhou Bay on the coast of Shandong , where she encountered the General Hewitt , and was later joined by Hall in the Lyra . Alceste and Lyra left the bay on 29 August and proceeded eastward toward the west coast of Korea , an area that had not been surveyed since the Jesuit missionaries visited in the 16th and 17th centuries . Maxwell hence found the coast to be some 130 miles further east than expected and while there also discovered the archipelago that forms the south @-@ western tip of the Korean peninsula . Maxwell then turned his attention the Loo Choo Islands , now known as the Ryukyu archipelago , dropping anchor in the <unk> roads on the south @-@ west side of Okinawa on 16 September 1816 . After a six @-@ week stay , Alceste returned to China , via the southern end of the island of Taiwan , arriving at the mouth of the Pearl River on 2 November . 
 While reviewing Beyoncé 's performance at the Madison Square Garden in Manhattan , on August 5 , 2007 , Jon Pareles of The New York Times wrote , " Beyoncé needs no distractions from her singing , which can be airy or brassy , tearful or vicious , rapid @-@ fire with staccato syllables or sustained in curlicued melismas . But she was in constant motion , strutting in costumes . " Shaheem Reid of MTV News compared the performance with Michael Buffer further adding that " Beyoncé acknowledged Shakira by shaking her hips rapidly " . While reviewing Beyoncé 's performance of the song in Saskatoon on September 14 , 2007 , a writer of The <unk> noted that it was one of the musical surprises during the evening . Jim Harrington from the San Jose Mercury News noted that Beyoncé 's all @-@ female band provided " plenty of punch " to the live performance of the song in Fresno on August 28 , 2007 further noting that the singer looked like a " sex kitten purring through " the song . In Los Angeles , on September 2 , Beyoncé performed " Beautiful Liar " , dressed in a green belly dancing outfit , with several female backup dancers , and live instrumentation . " Beautiful Liar " was included on Beyoncé 's live album The Beyoncé Experience Live ( 2007 ) . 
 Other events have been held , including the Park Block Revels ( held from 1972 to at least 1992 ) , the Oregon Historical Society 's Holiday Cheer and Authors Party , the Portland Poetry Festival ( held from 1972 to at least 1992 ) , Shakespeare @-@ in @-@ the @-@ Park by the Portland Actors Ensemble , the Meier & Frank Holiday Parade ( held from 1988 on ) , the Downtown Community Association 's Ice Cream Social ( held from 1990 to at least 1992 ) , <unk> , a party by the Caribbean Cultural Association , held from 1996 until at least 2003 , and <unk> , " an event focused on refugee experiences and alternatives to war " , held by Oregon Physicians for Social Responsibility in at least September 2002 and 2003 . In 2008 , a local resident was known for wheeling her piano down an elevator and 1 @.@ 5 blocks to the Park Blocks , setting it up and playing " Chopin under the trees . " The Bicycle Transportation Alliance hosted a breakfast to support Bike to Work Month in May 2009 . 
 The Gospel of Luke account appears to describe the event as an eclipse , and some non @-@ Christian writers dismissed it in these terms . However , the biblical details do not accord with an eclipse : a solar eclipse could not have occurred on or near the Passover , when Jesus was crucified , and would have been too brief to account for three hours of darkness . The maximum possible duration of a total solar eclipse is seven minutes and 31 @.@ 1 seconds . The only total eclipse visible in Jerusalem in this era fell later in the year , on 24 November 29 CE at 11 : 05 AM . Around the Sea of Galilee , it would have been visible for just one minute and forty @-@ nine seconds , and would have been apparent only to those indoors . 
 For Kaylee , Trpcic studied up on Japanese and Chinese youth , as originally the character was Asian . Other inspirations for Kaylee 's costumes were Rosie the Riveter and Chinese Communist posters . 
 As a show horse , Saddlebreds were exhibited in Kentucky as early as 1816 , and were a prominent part of the first national horse show in the United States , held at the St. Louis Fair in 1856 . The Kentucky State Fair began running a World Championship show in 1917 , offering a $ 10 @,@ 000 prize for the champion five @-@ gaited horse . Also in 1917 , the American Horse Shows Association , now the United States Equestrian Federation , formed and began to standardize show formats and rules . In 1957 , the American Saddlebred Pleasure Horse Association was formed to regulate English pleasure classes . Today , the most prestigious award in the breed industry is the American Saddlebred " Triple Crown " : winning the five @-@ gaited championships at the Lexington Junior League Horse Show , the Kentucky State Fair World 's Championship Horse Show , and American Royal horse show ; a feat that has only been accomplished by six horses . 
 Along its path , Japhet dropped heavy rainfall that caused widespread river flooding . The rains occurred after an extended drought , although excessive precipitation caused heavy crop damage , notably around where the storm moved ashore . In two provinces in Mozambique , the cyclone damaged or destroyed 25 @,@ 000 houses , leaving at least 23 @,@ 000 people homeless . Flooding in Zambia caused rivers to rise in Mozambique several days after the storm 's passage . There were 17 deaths in Mozambique . Further inland , remnant rainfall destroyed a bridge and several houses in Zimbabwe , killing eight people . 
 Time of day is also continuously transmitted using a digital time code , interpretable by radio @-@ controlled clocks . The time code uses a 100 Hz subcarrier of the main signal . That is , it is an additional low @-@ level 100 Hz tone added to the other AM audio signals . 
 metal fatigue failure of the cabin leading to explosive decompression 
 Blue marlin are found year @-@ round in tropical oceanic waters of the Atlantic and Indo @-@ Pacific . The range expands into temperate waters of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres during the warmer months and contracts towards the Equator during colder months . Warm currents such as the Gulf Stream in the western Atlantic and the Agulhas Current in the western Indian Ocean have a major influence on their seasonal distribution . 
 Type of ammunition used : Common shells , shrapnel shells and case shots . 
 Delrina 's initial product offering was an electronic forms application called PerForm . Amato and Skapinker came up with the idea for the product while working as consultants that what their clients wanted was a way to fill in forms electronically , rather than an easier way to create paper @-@ based forms from a computer . There was significant and long @-@ term uptake of electronic forms products within governmental agencies both in Canada and the United States , the latter spurred on in particular by the requirements of the <unk> Reduction Act to reduce the total amount of paperwork handled by the United States government . One of the firm 's early major software deals included a multi @-@ year agreement to sell PerForm to the U.S. Navy in 1990 . Soon after the software was installed on Compaq laptops that accompanied U.S. troops during the First Gulf War , where it was used to requisition " everything from Coca @-@ Cola to privies " . Other significant volume sales went to 3M and Rockwell International . What helped set apart Delrina 's electronic forms from its competitors in product reviews included its easy @-@ to @-@ use interface , its extensive development tools , and its comparatively low price . It also scored highly when it came to workflow and routing functions as well as security features . In early 1991 InfoWorld selected PerForm Pro as its " Product of the Year " in the electronic forms category , and PC World Magazine gave the product it 's " Best Buy " designation . PerForm proved to be successful in its niche , effectively capturing the retail market by 1993 . 
 Ned is informed that a deserter of the Night 's Watch , Will , has been captured . Members of the Night 's Watch are sworn never to desert their posts , upon penalty of death . Ned takes his sons to witness Will 's execution . Will faces death bravely , admitting that he deserted the Wall after being attacked , but stands by his statement that he saw White Walkers . Ned himself passes sentence and beheads him . When Bran asks his father about the ranger 's talk of White Walkers , Ned dismisses it as a madman 's ravings , insisting that the Walkers have been considered extinct for thousands of years . 
 Artillery – Two European battalions of five companies each , with fifteen companies of lascars 
 The series of Flowering Orchards , also the Orchards in Blossom , are among the first groups of work that Van Gogh completed after his arrival in Arles in February 1888 . The 14 paintings are optimistic , joyous and visually expressive of the burgeoning spring . They are delicately sensitive , silent , quiet and unpopulated . He painted swiftly , and although he brought to this series a version of Impressionism , a strong sense of personal style began to emerge during this period . The transience of the blossoming trees , of the passing of the season , seemed to align itself with his own sense of transience and belief in a new beginning in Arles , and it presented him with a world of Japanese motifs which he revelled in . Vincent wrote to Theo on 21 April 1888 and said he had 10 orchards and : " one big [ painting ] of a cherry tree , which I 've spoiled " . 
 Soon , Major @-@ Generals Bruce and Bergholtz turned to Apraksin with a proposal to assault the fort , not waiting for " the production of an opening " . Their reasoning was that they could end up losing more soldiers from injuries and disease than they would during an assault . Peter , having found out about this from a letter by Apraksin , decided it to be " very significant , but also very dangerous . " In the end he left the decision up to General Apraksin who , not wanting to bear the responsibility for a failure , decided to wait for reinforcements to arrive by sea once the ice had opened up . 
 For the 16 Cyg B system , only particles inside approximately 0 @.@ 3 AU remained stable within a million years of formation , leaving open the possibility of short @-@ period planets . For them , observation rules out any such planet of over a Neptune mass . 
 Travel between Haifa and the center of the country is possible by road with Highway 2 , the main highway along the coastal plain , beginning at Tel Aviv and ending at Haifa . Furthermore , Highway 4 runs along the coast to the north of Haifa , as well as south , inland from Highway 2 . In the past , traffic along Highway 2 to the north of Haifa had to pass through the downtown area of the city ; the Carmel Tunnels , opened for traffic 1 December 2010 , now route this traffic under Mount Carmel , reducing congestion in the downtown area . 
 Runner up : 2008 , more ? 
 Pattycake moved permanently to the Bronx Zoo on December 20 , 1982 . For a few years , she lived in a cage with Pansy , a chimpanzee . In June 1999 , Pattycake moved into the Wildlife Conservation Society 's $ 43 million Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit . The exhibit includes a Great Gorilla Forest viewing area that separates gorillas and visitors with a glass window . Two troops of gorillas inhabited the 6 @.@ 5 acre exhibit , with a dozen gorillas in Pattycake 's troop alone , including <unk> , Pattycake , <unk> , <unk> , Halima , Fran , Layla , Kumi , Suki , Babatunde , Barbara , and M <unk> . The general curator of the Bronx Zoo , James Doherty , described Pattycake as " independent " with " few close friends " in the Congo Gorilla Forest . " It may have something to do with the fact that she didn 't live with her parents that long , and lived with that chimpanzee for a few years , " Doherty said . 
 In the years after 1932 Muller travelled a little around Europe and retired to his house in The Hague . He remained involved in cultural and academic activities , organised his papers , and kept a keen interest in South African affairs . In the last years of his life he was honoured in several ways , among others with an honorary doctorate in law from the University of South Africa , a bust in the hall of the <unk> of the University of the Free State , with a copy in the Rijksmuseum voor Volkenkunde ( National Museum of Ethnology ) in Leiden , and an honorary diner party by the Royal Geographical Society in London . Without children and never fully reconciled with his family , Muller left almost his complete estate to the Dr. Hendrik Muller 's <unk> Fonds for the support of academic research and cultural heritage . Finally his health failed more and more and H.P.N. Muller died in his house in The Hague on 11 August 1941 . He was buried in the cemetery of Oud <unk> en <unk> in The Hague in a grand ceremony , with the Dutch flag covering the coffin and the national anthem being played , in defiance of the German Nazi occupation and as a – somewhat old @-@ fashioned – celebration of Dutch cultural identity . Among the attendants were several former government ministers and high @-@ ranking military officers , university professors , former diplomats , representatives of cultural and scientific organisations , and friends from his South African period and after . 
 The underconnectivity theory hypothesizes <unk> high @-@ level neural connections and synchronization , along with an excess of low @-@ level processes . It maps well to general @-@ processing theories such as weak central coherence theory , which hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in ASD . A related theory — enhanced perceptual functioning — focuses more on the superiority of locally oriented and perceptual operations in autistic individuals . 
 BAE Systems <unk> Tactical Air Navigation System 
 Chełm ( for the Land of Chełm ) , two envoys elected , 
 Critics and reporters labeled the album 's material with several different genres , including trip hop , electronic rock , ambient , alternative rock , industrial rock , experimental rock , rap rock , and progressive rock on the album . Compared to their previous record , Minutes to Midnight ( 2007 ) , Shinoda contributed many more vocals , while Brad Delson 's guitar riffs are put further into the background , which Gary Graff of Billboard described as " on the back burner ( and barely even in the oven ) " . Shinoda raps on the tracks " When They Come for Me " , " Wretches and Kings " and the album 's second single " Waiting for the End " . Derek Oswald of <unk> noted reggae @-@ like influences on Shinoda 's verses in " Waiting for the End " . He sings verses on " Burning in the Skies " , " Robot Boy " , " Blackout " , " Iridescent " and " The Catalyst " . Bennington and Shinoda sing together on " The Catalyst " , " Jornada del Muerto " and " Robot Boy " , while " Iridescent " features all band members singing together . 
 Almost all of the Texians were killed at the Battle of the Alamo when the Mexican army attacked on March 6 ; Travis was likely the first to die . Unaware that the Alamo had fallen , reinforcements continued to assemble ; over 400 Texians were waiting in Gonzales when news of the Texian defeat reached the town on March 11 . Earlier that day , General Sam Houston , newly reappointed commander of the Texian Army , had arrived in Gonzales . On hearing of the Alamo 's fall , Houston took command of the assembled volunteers . The following month , this hastily organized army defeated Santa Anna at the Battle of San Jacinto , ending the Texas Revolution . 
 Michigan concluded its regular season with a 19 – 12 ( 9 – 9 Big Ten ) record . This earned the team a tie for seventh place in the conference standings with Minnesota . Since Michigan swept the season series with a February 19 74 – 62 win at home and a March 7 67 – 64 win at Minnesota , Michigan was seeded seventh in the 2009 Big Ten Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament held at the Conseco Fieldhouse in Indianapolis , Indiana while Minnesota was seeded eighth . During Championship Week , the Wolverines defeated the number ten seeded Iowa Hawkeyes on March 12 by a 73 – 45 margin . Sims helped Michigan open a 22 – 9 lead by scoring 16 of his 27 points in the first 10 minutes . Then the team lost to the number two seeded Illinois Fighting Illini on March 13 . Sims scored 15 and Harris was held to 9 . 
 Moonrise was written by Erin Hunter , a pseudonym used by authors Cherith Baldry , Kate Cary , Tui Sutherland , and series editor Victoria Holmes . The pseudonym is used so that the individual novels in the series would not be shelved in different places in libraries . Victoria Holmes chose the name Erin because she liked the name , and Hunter because it matched the theme of feral cats . It also ensured that the books were shelved near those of Brian Jacques , an author that the writers , collectively known as " the <unk> " , liked . 
 Critic Mark Vogler wrote that The Killing Joke provided the Joker " with a sympathetic back story as it presented some of the villain 's most vile offenses . " Moore 's rendition of the Joker 's origin employs elements of the 1951 story " The Man Behind the Red Hood " ( Detective Comics # 168 ) , which established the concept of the Joker originally having been a thief known only as the Red Hood . The tragic and human elements of the character 's story , coupled with his barbaric crimes as the Joker , portray the character as more of a three @-@ dimensional human being . During an interview with Salon , Moore explained that Joker 's psychotic nature could have been caused by a " bad decision " in his life . 
 In 2011 , Chipotle created the " Farm Team " , which is a rewards program available only by invitation from restaurant managers . The Farm Team members have access to a special Chipotle website , where members can earn rewards , i.e. free food and T @-@ shirts . The site offers members to , " learn where Chipotle ’ s food comes from , take quizzes and polls , play games and watch videos about the company " . In April 2014 , the Farm Team program was shut down . 
 Reitz , F.W. , ' De Hollandsche taal in Zuid @-@ Afrika ' , De Zuid @-@ <unk> , 13 March 1909 . 
 Critics responded positively to the album . Writing for the United Kingdom 's Daily Express , Robert Spellman said that " anyone missing Aled Jones since nature had its way will lap up Andrew 's butter @-@ wouldn 't @-@ melt renditions of Pie Jesu , Agnus Dei and One Voice . " Kate Leaver , writing for South Korea 's JoongAng Daily , said Johnston " has truer talent than hoards of his musical elders " and that " the vulnerability of this One Voice makes for a haunting musical experience . " 
 In Rainbows features many tracks debuted on Radiohead 's 2006 tour , including " 15 Step " , " Bodysnatchers " , " All I Need " , " Videotape " , " Arpeggi " ( retitled " Weird Fishes / Arpeggi " ) and " Open Pick " ( retitled " Jigsaw Falling Into Place " ) . Radiohead first performed " Nude " during the OK Computer world tour in a different arrangement . The band performed a song with the working title of " Reckoner " in 2001 ; working on the song in the In Rainbows sessions , they abandoned the original material and created a new song with the same name . Yorke released the song originally known as " Reckoner " as a solo single , " Feeling Pulled Apart by Horses " , in 2009 . 
