 Tom Strong 's Terrific Tales # 5 , 12 ( America 's Best Comics , 2003 – 2005 ) 
 " Force Majeure " features stock footage of the 1996 Saguenay Flood , and makes mention of a conjunction of planets which occurred in May 2000 . The episode was viewed by approximately 6 @.@ 9 million households during its original broadcast , and has received positive reviews from critics . 
 On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan Railway was amalgamated with other Underground railways , tramway companies and bus operators to form the London Passenger Transport Board . To relieve congestion on the District line east of Whitechapel from 1936 some trains from Hammersmith were diverted from the East London line to Barking . Through trains to New Cross and New Cross Gate were withdrawn in November 1939 , the Hammersmith & City line trains terminating at Whitechapel while the longer 8 @-@ car Uxbridge line trains ran to Barking . However , this caused operational problems and from 1941 Barking was again served by trains from Hammersmith . 
 During the communist era , rapid urbanization and growth of heavy industry occurred . Whole villages in the coal mining areas were destroyed by the mining activity . These conditions quickened the assimilation of the Poles . Another cause of assimilation was the high rate of intermarriage . Besides Poles belonging to the minority , many more commuted across the border from Polish People 's Republic to work in Czechoslovakia or to take advantage of the relative abundance of consumer goods in Czechoslovakia . 
 In 1945 , Yale University created the J. Willard Gibbs Professorship in Theoretical Chemistry , held until 1973 by Lars Onsager . Onsager , who much like Gibbs focused on applying new mathematical ideas to problems in physical chemistry , won the 1968 Nobel Prize in chemistry . In addition to establishing the Josiah Willard Gibbs Laboratories and the J. Willard Gibbs Assistant Professorship in Mathematics , Yale has hosted two symposia dedicated to Gibbs 's life and work , one in 1989 and another on the centenary of his death , in 2003 . Rutgers University endowed a J. Willard Gibbs Professorship of <unk> , held as of 2014 by Bernard Coleman . 
 The school garnered accolades throughout its existence and was bestowed with the title Berytus Nutrix Legum ( Beirut , Mother of Laws ) by Eunapius , Libanius , Zacharias Rhetor and finally by Emperor Justinian . His 533 Omnem constitution read : 
 To reflect the episode 's setting in 1985 , the typical title credit sequence was redone using different music , the Asimov font for early computer type for the show 's logo , and terms that were " fringe science " at the time , such as " virtual reality , " " genetic engineering , " and " personal computing " . Pinkner later recalled , " One of our writers said off @-@ handedly that if we ’ re doing a show from 1985 , shouldn ’ t we do a credit sequence from 1985 , and literally , we pounced on it " . He and Wyman asked J. J. Abrams , who wrote the original credit sequence melody , to write a 1980s version ; Abrams was " very , very happy to do that , " according to Wyman . 
 Coming into 2013 , Venable was again expected to platoon with <unk> in right , but injuries to center fielder Cameron Maybin and left fielder Carlos Quentin expanded his playing time . He made 68 starts in right and 52 in center and played in a career @-@ high 151 games . Venable entered the season with 401 hits , which was 48 shy of the record for an alumnus of Princeton Tigers Baseball held by Moe Berg . His 46 home runs were already a school best . For the week of August 12 through August 18 , 2013 , Venable won the National League Player of the Week Award . During the week Venable tied his single @-@ game career high with 4 hits , joined the Padres ' 100 @-@ steal club , hit a walk @-@ off home run , made a home run stealing catch and surpassed his previous career best hitting streak by 5 to 15 . It marked his first Player of the Week Award as he hit .406 ( 13 @-@ for @-@ 32 ) with two home runs , two doubles , a triple and seven runs scored . On September 13 , David Hale ( Princeton class of 2011 ) made his major league debut for the Atlanta Braves , and it became the second Princeton vs. Princeton batter @-@ pitcher matchup in major league history . Hale struck out Venable and eight other Padres in his debut for the Braves , setting a franchise debut record . Venable was voted the Padres ' Most Valuable Player for the 2013 season by local baseball writers and other members of the media as he became the 8th player in Padres history to record at least 20 home runs and 20 steals in a season . For the year , Venable hit .268 with 22 home runs and a <unk> on @-@ base plus slugging , all new career highs . He also stole 22 bases and finished tied for 5th in the league with 8 triples . 
 Following the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 , a U.S. Army officer named Zebulon Pike negotiated approximately 100 @,@ 000 acres ( 40 @,@ 000 ha ; 160 sq mi ) of land from the local Dakota tribes in 1805 in order to establish a fort . The negotiated territory was located on both banks of the Mississippi River , starting from Saint Anthony Falls in present @-@ day Minneapolis , to its confluence with the Saint Croix River . Fort Snelling was built on the territory in 1819 at the confluence of the Mississippi and Minnesota Rivers , which formed a natural barrier to both Native American nations . The 1837 Treaty with the Sioux ceded all local tribal land east of the Mississippi to the U.S. Government . <unk> ( Chief Little Crow V ) moved his band at <unk> across the river to the south . Fur traders , explorers , and missionaries came to the area for the fort 's protection . Many of the settlers were French @-@ Canadians who lived nearby . However , as a whiskey trade flourished , military officers banned settlers from the fort @-@ controlled lands . Pierre " Pig 's Eye " Parrant , a retired fur trader @-@ turned @-@ bootlegger who particularly irritated officials , set up his tavern , the Pig 's Eye , near present @-@ day Lambert 's Landing . By the early 1840s , the community had become important as a trading center and a destination for settlers heading west . Locals called the area Pig 's Eye ( French : L <unk> du <unk> ) or Pig 's Eye Landing after Parrant 's popular tavern . 
 From the 78 @-@ rpm recordings of the 1940s to the LPs of the 1950s and later , to the hundreds of film soundtracks he appeared on , Manne 's recorded output was enormous and often hard to pin down . According to the jazz writer Leonard Feather , Manne 's drumming had been heard on well " over a thousand LPs " — a statement that Feather made in 1960 , when Manne had not reached even the midpoint of his 45 @-@ year @-@ long career . 
 Seetha is overjoyed to see the brothers reunited , and for the first time , Peddodu calls her by name instead of " Hey ! " and " Oy ! " . They are married , and Chinnodu and Geetha 's wedding is planned after her father reconciles with Relangi Uncle 's family . The brothers send gold bangles to their grandmother , evidence that they have found work . 
 The sixth production of Union Films , Soeara Berbisa was produced by Ang Hock Liem and directed by R Hu , an ethnic Chinese director who had worked for the company since 1940 ; the sound technician Boen Kin Nam served as assistant director . The screenplay was written by Djojopranoto , who replaced Union 's former screenwriter Saeroen after the latter left for rival company Star Film following Wanita dan Satria ( 1941 ) . The film began production by September 1941 , and by October it was nearly complete . 
 In some areas the limestone and the dolomitic conglomerate have been mineralised with lead and zinc ores . From the time of Roman Britain until 1908 , the hills were an important source of lead . These areas were the centre of a major mining industry in the past and this is reflected in areas of contaminated rough ground known locally as " <unk> " . The word " <unk> " is thought to derive from the grooves that were formed where the lead ore was extracted from veins near the surface . Other commodities obtained included calamine ( zinc ore ) , manganese , iron , copper and baryte . The eastern area reaches into parts of the Somerset Coalfield . 
 Historian L. G. Thomas recognized Stewart 's admirable qualities , but criticized him for lacking Sifton 's " ruthless and forceful leadership " and claimed that " few provincial premiers have been more universally praised by their opponents and more unanimously deplored by their supporters . " Even so , he acknowledged that the decisive factor in Stewart 's downfall was not anything that he did , but the decision by the UFA to run candidates in 1921 ; in Thomas 's view , Sifton would have been defeated in 1917 if he had had to contend with a politicized UFA . 
 DL : “ Yes . ” 
 Theropods , including spinosaurids , could not pronate their hands ( rotate the forearm so the palm faced the ground ) , but a resting position on the side of the hand was possible , as shown by fossil prints from an Early Jurassic theropod . A 2014 paper describing new material of Spinosaurus , proposed that its legs were too short for it to move effectively on land . The reconstruction used in the study was an extrapolation based on different sized individuals , scaled to what was assumed to be the correct proportions . Palaeontologist John Hutchinson of the Royal Veterinary College of the University of London has expressed scepticism to the new reconstruction , and cautioned that using different specimens can result in inaccurate chimaeras . Scott Hartman also expressed criticism because he believes the legs and the pelvis were inaccurately scaled ( 27 % too short ) and don 't match the published lengths . However , responses from Ibrahim et al. to Mark Witton have been positively received as reliable . The 2015 re @-@ description of Sigilmassasaurus Evers et al . 2015 doubted whether the material assigned to Spinosaurus by Ibrahim et. al. belonged to it . 
 Breckinridge dodged the issue during the campaign , which he won in 1825 , but once he took office , he had to come down on one side or the other . He voted in favor of the Old Court , reflecting his upper @-@ class status and affinity for the establishment . In so doing , he identified himself with the party of Kentucky 's favorite son , Henry Clay . The Whigs would control Kentucky politics for the next twenty @-@ five years . In 1826 , the majority of the General Assembly sided with the Old Court and abolished the New Court . 
 Having traversed the major basketball continents in his basketball career , Ginóbili is one of the few players who has enjoyed success under both the physical , one @-@ on @-@ one play of the NBA and the more technical , jump @-@ shooting rule set of the FIBA . He is one of only two players in basketball history along with Bill Bradley to win the Euroleague , an Olympic gold medal , and an NBA Championship ring . He is also the first non @-@ U.S. player to win both the NBA championship ring and the Olympic gold medal , and the second Latin American to be selected to play in an NBA All @-@ Star game ( after Panama 's Rolando Blackman ) . 
 In the return match at the Sydney Cricket Ground , Harvey was promoted to bat at No. 3 . He made 38 in the first innings before being dismissed by Walker . Harvey broke through for his maiden first @-@ class century in the second innings , scoring an unbeaten 100 . Queensland declared at 4 / 237 as soon as he reached his milestone , only to see the hosts reach the victory target of 225 with all ten wickets intact . 
 Following the petroleum discovery at Spindletop ( roughly 40 miles ( 64 km ) from Galveston Bay ) in 1901 Texas entered an era of economic development known as the Texas Oil Boom . Petroleum exploration at Galveston Bay began shortly afterward with the discovery of the Goose Creek Oil Field in 1903 . The first well at Goose Creek was built in 1907 with significant production beginning in 1908 ( in 1924 it was the state 's third largest field ) . In 1915 the first offshore oil drilling site in the state was opened at Goose Creek . Gradually other oil fields were discovered around the bay as well , including the Anahuac oil field in 1935 . The first refinery by the bay was built in 1908 at Texas City , followed by refineries in Baytown and Pasadena . The main refinery in Baytown , built by Humble Oil ( now ExxonMobil ) , became the largest in the state . 
 At 16 : 04 , Scharnhorst was observed from Inflexible as having rapidly listed to port , and she sank at 16 : 17 . Shortly before she sank , von Spee transmitted one last order to Gneisenau : " Endeavor to escape if your engines are still intact . " Damage to the ship 's boiler rooms had reduced her speed to 16 kn ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) , however , and so the ship continued to fight on . Gneisenau scored a hit on Invincible as late as 17 : 15 . By 17 : 30 , however , the ship was a burning wreck ; she had a severe list to starboard and smoke poured from the ship , which came to a stop . Ten minutes later , the British ships closed in and the flag on Gneisenau 's foremast was struck ; at 17 : 50 , Sturdee ordered his ships to cease fire . Gneisenau 's captain ordered the crew to scuttle the ship , as they had expended their ammunition and the engines were disabled . The ship slowly rolled over and sank , but not before allowing some 200 of the survivors time to escape . Of these men , many died quickly from exposure in the 39 ° F ( 4 ° C ) water . A total of 598 men of her crew were killed in the engagement . Leipzig , and Nürnberg were also sunk . Only Dresden managed to escape , but she was eventually tracked to the Juan Fernandez Island and sunk . The complete destruction of the squadron killed some 2 @,@ 200 German sailors and officers , including two of von Spee 's sons . 
 / <unk> <unk> / ' the foolish <unk> 
 The oil shale waste heaps pose a spontaneous ignition risk due to their remaining organic content . The waste material , particularly semi @-@ coke , contains pollutants including sulphates , heavy metals , and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) , some of which are toxic and carcinogenic . 
 Rusalka was 206 feet ( 62 @.@ 8 m ) long at the waterline . She had a beam of 42 feet ( 12 @.@ 8 m ) and a maximum draft of 12 feet 7 inches ( 3 @.@ 8 m ) . The ship was designed to displace 1 @,@ 882 long tons ( 1 @,@ 912 t ) , but turned out to be overweight and actually displaced 2 @,@ 100 long tons ( 2 @,@ 100 t ) . Her crew numbered 13 officers and 171 crewmen in 1877 . 
 Nasir bin Murshid ( r . 1624 – 49 ) was the first Imam of the <unk> dynasty in Oman , elected in 1624 . He was able to unify the tribes with a common goal of expelling the Portuguese . Nasir bin Murshid drove the Portuguese out of all their bases in Oman except Muscat . He was succeeded by his cousin Sultan bin Saif in 1649 . In December 1649 the forces of Sultan bin Saif captured the town of Muscat . About 600 Portuguese managed to escape by sea , while others fled into Forte do Almirante ( al Mirani ) . They surrendered on 23 January 1650 . The capture of Muscat from the Portuguese marked the beginning of an expansion of Omani sea power in which the Portuguese possessions in India and East Africa soon came under threat . 
 Jean Baptiste <unk> <unk> - Performer and theatrical impresario 
 Chris Williams as Oaken 
 The fox and the wish @-@ fulfilling jewel are prominent symbols of Inari . Other common elements in depictions of Inari , and sometimes of their kitsune , include a sickle , a sheaf or sack of rice , and a sword . Another belonging was their whip — although they were hardly known to use it , it was a powerful weapon that was used to burn people 's crops of rice . 
 An examination of the Presidency of Ulysses S. Grant reveals many scandals and fraudulent activities associated with his administration , and a cabinet that was in continual transition , divided by the forces of political corruption and reform . President Grant , ever trusting of associates , himself was influenced by both forces . The standards in many of Grant 's appointments were low , and charges of corruption were widespread . Starting with the Black Friday ( 1869 ) gold speculation ring , corruption would be discovered during Grant 's two presidential terms in seven federal departments , including the Navy , Justice , War , Treasury , Interior , State , and the Post Office . Reform movements initiated in both the Democratic Party and the Liberal Republicans , a faction that split from Republican Party to oppose political patronage and corruption in the Grant Administration . Nepotism was prevalent , with over 40 family members benefitting from government appointments and employment . The prevalent corruption in the Grant Administration was eventually called Grantism . Certain historians believe that charges of corruption were exaggerated by reformers , since Grant was the first president to initiate civil service reform , and several of Grant 's cabinet members made solid advances towards ending abuses that occurred in previous administrations . 
 The location of Kennedy 's wounds suggested that his assailant had stood behind him , but some witnesses said that Sirhan faced west as Kennedy moved through the pantry facing east . This has led to the suggestion that a second gunman actually fired the fatal shot , a possibility supported by coroner Thomas Noguchi who stated that the fatal shot was behind Kennedy 's right ear and had been fired at a distance of approximately one inch . Other witnesses , though , said that as Sirhan approached , Kennedy was turning to his left shaking hands , facing north and so exposing his right side . During a re @-@ examination of the case in 1975 , the Los Angeles Superior Court ordered expert examination of the possibility of a second gun having been used , and the conclusion of the experts was that there was little or no evidence to support this theory . As recently as 2008 , eyewitness John Pilger asserted his belief that there must have been a second gunman . 
 a civil war had started in Siberia . 
 The deaths of twelve newborn babies in Banja Luka hospital due to a shortage of incubator bottled oxygen were an immediate cause for the action . 
 Cumming went ashore under a flag of truce to meet with the town 's governor and demand the handing over of the merchant ships within three hours . The governor refused to comply but the Russian troops left the town shortly afterwards and the governor stated that , whilst he could not order them out of the harbour , Cumming and Key would be permitted to enter the harbour to take them . They proceeded to do so , finding themselves in control of the entire town of 10 @,@ 000 inhabitants with just 110 men , and took out the eight merchant vessels without firing a shot . The ships were sent with prize crews to the Prussian port of Memel . Cumming and Conflict also saw service at the port of Riga in this period and from 15 April to 22 May were responsible for boarding 19 vessels . 
 The Oracle ( 2010 ) 
 While little is known about Martin Hogan 's early years in Youngstown , there is evidence he was popular among local residents . His obituary referred to him as an individual " of pleasing personality " who " made many friends during his long residence in Youngstown " . Another newspaper article described him as " a good fellow " , and a third indicated he was well liked among players with whom he worked . At the same time , Hogan was reportedly quick to comment when he felt he was treated unfairly . 
 After four years on the air , the show was canceled by Fox . In a situation similar to Family Guy , however , strong DVD sales and very stable ratings on Adult Swim brought Futurama back to life . When Comedy Central began negotiating for the rights to air Futurama reruns , Fox suggested that there was a possibility of also creating new episodes . When Comedy Central committed to sixteen new episodes , it was decided that four straight @-@ to @-@ DVD films — Bender 's Big Score ( 2007 ) , The Beast with a Billion Backs ( 2008 ) , Bender 's Game ( 2008 ) and Into the Wild Green Yonder ( 2009 ) — would be produced . 
 On May 5 , 1845 , Texas President Jones called for a convention on July 4 , 1845 , to consider the annexation and a constitution . On June 23 , the Texan Congress accepted the US Congress 's joint resolution of March 1 , 1845 , annexing Texas to the United States , and consented to the convention . On July 4 , the Texas convention debated the annexation offer and almost unanimously passed an ordinance assenting to it . The convention remained in session through August 28 , and adopted the Constitution of Texas on August 27 , 1845 . The citizens of Texas approved the annexation ordinance and new constitution on October 13 , 1845 . 
 The original Emeco 1006 chair has a curved back with three vertical struts and a slight curve on the back legs . It weighs about seven pounds and is guaranteed to last 150 years . Most of the original chairs from the 1940s are still in use . The traditional aluminum chairs are made mostly out of recycled aluminum , but also silicon , iron , copper , magnesium , chromium , titanium and zinc . Emeco 111 chairs are made out of 60 percent recycled plastic and 30 percent glass fiber . The Emeco 111 chair was named based on it being made of at least 111 recycled Coca Cola bottles . 
 After the result 's announcement , President Josipović commented that the day was of great significance to Croatia , defining the nation as one with a European future . Prime Minister Milanović welcomed the decision as historic and as the first such decision made by Croatians alone ; he also said that the referendum represented a turning point for Croatia . Croatian Parliament Speaker Boris <unk> said that a new chapter of Croatian history and better fortune for the nation was dawning . The Croatian Minister of the Economy , Radimir Čačić , concluded that Croatia 's credit rating would have been downgraded if the referendum had not passed . He also stated that , since the referendum passed , it was a good opportunity to upgrade the rating . Minister of Finance Slavko <unk> stated that he was pleased with the result , but not with the voter turnout . He disagreed with Čačić that the credit rating could be saved by this result , since everybody had already counted on Croatian entry to the EU . Foreign and European Affairs Minister Vesna Pusić commented that the result was good news for Europe , which faced internal problems . Former Speaker Vladimir <unk> said that the low turnout was caused by external factors – the debt crisis in Europe and a loss of confidence in Croatian political parties and institutions . Luka <unk> , also a former speaker of the Parliament , added that it was good that Croats had voted to join the EU . Former Croatian foreign minister Gordan <unk> commented that the result is especially important for the nation 's youth , and former Croatian President Stjepan Mesić stated that Croatia should be competitive and use EU funds , adding that it is not enough to be happy with entering the EU . He also commented on claims that joining the EU was tantamount to entering a new Yugoslavia , saying that " only idiots think that Yugoslavia should be renewed " . 
 Dissatisfied with city politics , and in financial difficulty due to his failing restaurant business and low annual salary of $ 9 @,@ 600 , former police officer and Supervisor Dan White resigned from the San Francisco Board of Supervisors on November 10 , 1978 . However , after a meeting with the Police Officers ' association and the Board of Realtors , White announced that he wanted his seat back . Liberal Supervisors saw this as an opportunity to end the 6 @-@ 5 split on the Board that blocked progressive initiatives they wanted to introduce . After intense lobbying by Supervisors Milk and Silver , as well as State Assemblyman Willie Brown , Moscone announced on November 26 , 1978 , that he would not be <unk> Dan White to the seat he had vacated . 
 Agreeing to this proposal , Crisp became first a Seaman and by the summer of 1916 a Skipper in the Royal Naval Reserve , arranging for his son to join the crew of his boat , the HM Armed Smack I 'll Try , armed with a 3 – pounder gun . On 1 February 1917 in the North Sea , I 'll Try had its first confrontation with the enemy when two submarines surfaced close to the smack and her companion the larger Boy Alfred . Despite near misses from enemy torpedoes , both smacks scored hits on their larger opponents and reported them as probable sinkings , although post – war German records show that no submarines were lost on that date . Both skippers were awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and a present of £ 200 for this action , and Crisp was offered a promotion and transfer to an ocean – going Q – ship . He was forced to turn down this offer due to his wife 's sudden and terminal illness . She died in June 1917 . 
 In 1962 , 20th Century Fox Records released an album titled Jayne Mansfield Busts Up Las Vegas , which was a recording of her Las Vegas revue The House of Love . In 1964 MGM Records released a novelty album called Jayne Mansfield : Shakespeare , Tchaikovsky & Me , in which Mansfield recited Shakespeare 's sonnets and poems by Marlowe , Browning , Wordsworth , and others against a background of Tchaikovsky 's music . The album cover depicted a bouffant @-@ coiffed Mansfield with lips pursed and breasts barely covered by a fur stole , posing between busts of Tchaikovsky and Shakespeare . The New York Times described the album a reading of " 30 @-@ odd poems in a husky , urban , baby voice " . The reviewer went on to remark that " Miss Mansfield is a lady with apparent charms , but reading poetry is not one of them . " 
 As noted in the introduction , DNA analysis shows the American kestrel to actually be genetically more closely related to the larger American falcons than to the true kestrels . However , based on its physical similarity to the kestrels and the established nature of the name American kestrel , there has been little impetus to change its name . This could change in the future if continued genetic research more precisely determines the evolutionary history of the American kestrel within the genus falco . The entire genus is actually a set of species so closely related that most or all can be hybridized by artificial insemination . Significant natural hybridization of species has occurred in the past during the evolution of this closely related set of species , such that precise evolutionary genetic analysis as to which species are more basal to other species or to the genus as a whole is difficult to render . 
 The historic Blackledge River Railroad Bridge was constructed c . 1912 as an improved version of the previous bridge . The new 108 @-@ foot long ( 33 m ) bridge integrated the previous abutments into the design and was elevated a further 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 5 m ) above the Blackledge River . The railroad bridge was abandoned in the 1960s and sold to the Connecticut Department of Transportation . The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 31 , 1986 . The bridge is now located in Airline State Park . By 2007 , a wooden pedestrian bridge was built atop the railroad bridge and crosses over the Blackledge River . 
 Additional personnel 
 John was born in Antioch in 349 to Greco @-@ Syrian parents . Different scholars describe his mother <unk> as a pagan or as a Christian , and his father was a high @-@ ranking military officer . John 's father died soon after his birth and he was raised by his mother . He was baptised in 368 or 373 and tonsured as a reader ( one of the minor orders of the Church ) . 
 Four subspecies of the common tern are generally recognized , although S. h. <unk> is sometimes considered to be an intergrade between S. h. hirundo and S. h. longipennis . 
 In 1995 , Claude Steele and Joshua Aronson performed the first experiments demonstrating that stereotype threat can undermine intellectual performance . They had African @-@ American and European @-@ American college students take a difficult verbal portion of the Graduate Record Examination test . As would be expected based on national averages , the African @-@ American students did not perform as well on the test . Steele and Aronson split students into three groups : stereotype @-@ threat ( in which the test was described as being " diagnostic of intellectual ability " ) , non @-@ stereotype threat ( in which the test was described as " a laboratory problem @-@ solving task that was nondiagnostic of ability " ) , and a third condition ( in which the test was again described as nondiagnostic of ability , but participants were asked to view the difficult test as a challenge ) . All three groups received the same test . 
 Massa crossed the line to win the race , with Räikkönen nearly eighteen seconds behind . Trulli retained third , and took his first podium since the 2005 Spanish Grand Prix , and Toyota 's first podium since the 2006 Australian Grand Prix . Kovalainen finished fourth , ahead of Kubica , Webber and Piquet , who took his first ever points in Formula One . Alonso , Coulthard , Hamilton , Glock , Vettel , Heidfeld and the lapped Barrichello , Nakajima , Rosberg , Bourdais , Fisichella and Sutil were the last of the finishing drivers . 
 Young remained an executive producer of Holby City until 2004 , when he left the BBC to work for production company 19 TV . Former Casualty producer Johnathan Young was an executive producer for the duration of Holby 's first series , before joining Channel 4 in 1999 . Kathleen Hutchison served alongside Mal Young as co @-@ executive producer from 2003 to 2004 , when she left the series to become executive producer of EastEnders . Hutchison was succeeded by former series producer Stokes , who remained working on Holby City until 2006 , when McHale returned to the series . McHale was the first British writer ever to become the showrunner of a major prime time drama . He resigned from the position in 2009 , and was succeeded by Belinda Campbell in 2010 . In February 2011 , it was announced that Johnathan Young would return to the BBC from March , succeeding Campbell as executive producer of both Casualty and Holby City . 
 The Odeon Cinema was opened in 1935 and is a building in the modernist style designed by Thomas Cecil Howitt . It houses the only Compton theatre pipe organ in an Odeon cinema outside London and is one of only two working theatre organs left in the country still performing in their original location in commercially operating cinemas . This Compton organ was installed in 1935 and is the only one left in the West Country , the next nearest being the Odeon Leicester Square , London . All other models have been either restored and moved elsewhere , or destroyed . Occasional organ concerts continue to be held at the venue . The building has Grade II Listed status . 
 Miller , Arthur I. ( 1995 ) . Early Quantum Electrodynamics : A Sourcebook . Cambridge University Press . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 521 @-@ <unk> @-@ 3 . 
 Debbie Rowe met Michael Jackson in the mid @-@ 1980s , while working as an assistant for the pop star 's dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein . Rowe treated Jackson 's vitiligo , which he had been diagnosed with in 1986 and which would affect his physical appearance for the remainder of his life . Rowe supported Jackson , providing answers to the questions Jackson asked about his medical condition . The pair became good friends ; the pop star frequently sent autographed merchandise to the woman , who hung it on the walls of her office . According to Rowe 's friend Tanya Boyd , the dermatologist 's assistant would obsess over Jackson , gushing over him and his traits . She would say to her friend , " If people knew him like I knew him , they would not think he was strange . He 's unique , kinky , actually . " 
 Admitted to the bar in 1836 , he moved to Springfield , Illinois , and began to practice law under John T. Stuart , Mary Todd 's cousin . Lincoln became an able and successful lawyer with a reputation as a formidable adversary during cross @-@ examinations and closing arguments . He partnered with Stephen T. Logan from 1841 until 1844 . Then Lincoln began his practice with William Herndon , whom Lincoln thought " a studious young man " . 
 Coronations in Africa 
 Independence Rock . By Debra Terry Hulet . Cedar Fort , 2011 . Young adult novel . 
 Toward the end of May 2007 , the monsoon trough spawned a low pressure area in the eastern Arabian Sea . By May 31 , an organized tropical disturbance was located about 645 km ( 400 mi ) south of Mumbai , India , with cyclonic convection , or thunderstorm activity , and a well @-@ defined mid @-@ level circulation . The disturbance initially lacked a distinct low @-@ level circulation ; instead it consisted of strong divergence along the western end of a surface trough of low pressure . A favorable upper @-@ level environment allowed convection to improve , and by late on June 1 , the system developed to the extent that the India Meteorological Department ( IMD ) classified it as a depression . It tracked westward along the southwestern periphery of a mid @-@ level ridge over southern India . Convection continued to organize , and early on June 2 the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) classified it Tropical Cyclone 02A about 685 km ( 425 mi ) southwest of Mumbai . 
 Timothy Christian Riley – drum programming , drums , horn synthesizer , keyboards , producer , programming , synthesizer 
 As a result of their performances at the Edinburgh Fringe , the duo were given the chance to write for Alexander Armstrong and Ben Miller and for series two of Big Train . After minor work on The Jack Docherty Show and Comedy Nation , their first break into television acting was in 2000 , on the short @-@ lived BBC sketch show Bruiser , which they primarily wrote , and starred in . The show also featured three time BAFTA winner Olivia Colman , who would become a regular cast member of Mitchell and Webb projects , and Martin Freeman , later of The Office fame . Other cast members included Matthew Holness and Charlotte Hudson . Additional material for the show was provided by various people , including Ricky Gervais and James Bachman . 
 Verna Hellman was born in St. Louis , Missouri . She was the daughter of Selma ( née Schwartz ) and Samuel Hellman , who was then working as a journalist for the St. Louis Post @-@ Dispatch and the Saturday Evening Post . Sam Hellman subsequently moved his family to Hollywood , where he became a prolific screenwriter . Verna Hellman graduated from the University of Southern California with a B.A. in journalism . She then held several positions at 20th Century Fox , including being the assistant sound editor on Fritz Lang 's 1944 film The Woman in the Window . In 1946 , she married the film editor Sam Fields and stopped working . The Fields had two sons ; one of them , Richard Fields , became a film editor . In 1954 , Sam Fields died of a heart attack at the age of 38 . 
 <unk> act by increasing insulin release from the beta cells in the pancreas . Metformin is available combined with the sulfonylureas <unk> ( <unk> ) and <unk> ( US : <unk> ) ( <unk> ) . Generic formulations of metformin / <unk> and metformin / <unk> are available ( the latter being more popular ) . 
 Electro Velvet performed their United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 entry , " Still in Love with You " . This performance did not appear on the televised show , but was exclusively done for the audience members of the concert hall itself . 
 A transitional change of the Latin script in the Nordic countries was to spell the letter combination " ae " as æ – and sometimes as a ' – though it varied between persons and regions . The combination " ao " was similarly rendered ao , and " oe " became oe . These three were later to evolve into the separate letters ä , å and ö . The first time the new letters were used in print was in <unk> <unk> <unk> ( " By the Devil 's temptation " ) published by Johan Gerson in 1495 . 
 In the days and weeks following the incident , a propaganda battle was waged between Boston 's radicals and supporters of the government . Both sides published pamphlets that told strikingly different stories , which were principally published in London in a bid to influence opinion there . The Boston Gazette 's version of events , for example , characterized the massacre as part of an ongoing scheme to " quell a Spirit of Liberty " , and harped on the negative consequences of quartering troops in the city . 
 In 1960 , a new interchange was built between NY 134 and the Taconic State Parkway as part of the construction of IBM 's Thomas J. Watson Research Center . During the excavation process for the junction , a bone from a woolly mammoth ( colloquially known as Jefferson 's mammoth ) was found buried in the earth below . The bones were moved to the New York State Museum in Albany . The construction also required the relocation of the Kitchawan Tavern from the site of the exit to the junction of Kitchawan and <unk> roads a half @-@ mile ( 0 @.@ 8 km ) to the east . 
 A major consequence of the 1918 conflict was the breakup of the Finnish labour movement into three parts : moderate Social Democrats and left @-@ wing socialists in Finland , and communists acting in Soviet Russia with the support of the Bolsheviks . The Social Democratic Party had the first official party meeting after the civil war on 25 December 1918 . The party proclaimed commitment to parliamentary means and disclaimed Bolshevism and communism . The leaders of Red Finland , who had fled to Russia established the Communist Party of Finland in Moscow on 29 August 1918 . After the power struggle of 1917 and the bloody civil war , the former <unk> and Social Democrats , who had supported " <unk> " means in Red Finland , declared to have committed to revolutionary Bolshevism @-@ communism and to dictatorship of proletariat , under the control of V.I. Lenin . 
 The film experienced a late resurgence in the international box office on the weekend of September 12 , grossing $ 10 @.@ 6 million from 1 @,@ 425 screens in 31 markets . Making up most of the amount was $ 8 million from the film 's premiere in Italy on 678 screens . Hancock has grossed $ 227 @,@ 946 @,@ 274 in the United States and Canada and $ 396 @,@ 440 @,@ 472 in other territories for a worldwide total of $ 624 @,@ 386 @,@ 746 . 
 Woods also endorses the Tiger Woods PGA Tour series of video games ; he has done so since 1999 . In 2006 , he signed a six @-@ year contract with Electronic Arts , the series ' publisher . 
 Brian meets Arielle at the hotel and asks her to marry him , giving her a ring . She rejects his proposal and tells him that their feelings have always been different due to their age difference . Brian insists that he is truly in love with her , and Arielle reluctantly accepts his proposal , telling him to meet her the next day at the hotel . Valery shows up at Brian 's apartment that night ; he slaps Brian and expresses anger at Brian 's betrayal of the rules and boundaries of an open marriage . He then gives Brian a check for $ 250 @,@ 000 for " expenses " and leaves . The next day , the hotel doorman gives Brian a letter from Arielle in which she explains that although she loves him deeply , she cannot leave her husband and children , and asks him not to contact her again . 
 Entertainment Weekly 's Abby West wrote that " Rory 's crooning take " of " Blue Christmas " was " smooth and lovely " , and gave it a " B + " , and Flandez agreed with the in @-@ show assessment that it was " mournfully beautiful " . Futterman said that the song " perfectly suits his vocals " , but was unimpressed with Rory " standing awkwardly " through the song ; Michael Slezak of TVLine noted the static staging and filming of the number and gave it a " C " , and while Chaney said he sang it " just fine " , she said he " didn 't sell it " , and gave it a " C + " . Rachel 's rendition of " River " also received divergent assessments . Chaney and Slezak both gave it an " A − " : the former remarked that she " knows how to make the emotion in a song soar " , and the latter said " damn if she didn 't sound amazing " , though he pointed out the incongruity of Rachel having just stated after Rory 's song that uptempo and jolly is the way to go , only to sing this song , which is anything but . VanDerWerff agreed that there was " no good reason for Rachel to sing it " , and Flandez called it a " forgettable version " . Futterman 's conclusion was that " it feels a little phoned in and doesn 't emotionally connect " . 
 The NSC reconvened on the morning of September 10 to hear the delegation 's reports immediately after its return from Vietnam . Mendenhall had previous experience in Vietnamese affairs , having served under the previous US Ambassador Elbridge Durbrow . Durbrow had urged Diệm on a number of occasions to implement political reform . Krulak was a marine known for his belief in using military action to achieve foreign affairs objectives . His temperament earned him the nickname " Brute " , which originated from his wrestling career at the Naval Academy . The Deputy Secretary of Defense Roswell <unk> noted that Mendenhall was regarded " with great suspicion on the Virginia side of the river [ the Pentagon , headquarters of the Defense Department ] " , whereas Krulak was " universally liked and trusted in the Pentagon , both on the civilian and military side " . 
 In recent years , the school has been known for its highly successful boys ' and girls ' basketball programs . Both teams have had numerous state tournament appearances and state championship titles . North offers several college preparatory classes and operates , Minneapolis Public Schools ' radio station , <unk> @-@ FM . The school has often struggled academically in terms of graduation rate and state standardized <unk> and suggestions by a Minneapolis City Council member to burn the school down . 
 The closing credits theme , " Captain Scarlet " , underwent significant change after the completion of the first 14 episodes . The first version had been mainly instrumental , with the words " Captain Scarlet ! " sung in time to the aforementioned staccato drum beat after which a vocoded repetition of the words " Captain Scarlet ! " provided by Gray himself would be heard . This was then revised as a song performed by a London @-@ based pop group The Spectrum , assembled by RCA Victor as an imitation of the American band The Monkees , who happened to share their name with the organisation that appears in Captain Scarlet . 
 Moravia emerged in the 820s under its first known ruler , Mojmir I. His successor , Rastislav , developed Moravia 's military strength . He promoted the proselytizing activities of the Byzantine brothers , Constantine and Methodius in an attempt to seek independence from East Francia . Moravia reached its " peak of importance " under Svatopluk I ( 870 – 894 ) who expanded its frontiers in all directions . 
 Sparebanken Sør Arena ( " Savings Bank South Arena " ) is a football stadium located at <unk> in Kristiansand , Norway . The all @-@ seater has a capacity of 14 @,@ 563 people , and serves as the home ground of Tippeligaen side IK Start . It was designed by Kjell Kosberg , and is architecturally similar to Aker Stadion . The venue has seen concerts by Elton John , Dolly Parton and A @-@ ha , among others . The name derives from a sponsorship agreement with Sparebanken Sør . UEFA refers to the stadium as Kristiansand Arena . 
 Matthew , Mark , Luke and John , 
 This species is a resident in southern Texas north to San Antonio and <unk> , south through north @-@ western Mexico to central Veracruz , east to eastern Coahuila , San Luis Potosi and Hildalgo . The breeding density is at the highest among the Rio Grande Valley . Although it was a resident in the lower Rio Grande Valley , a significant amount of the its habitat was destroyed for agricultural purposes , and its population decreased from the 1930s to the 1970s . Some human activity that has introduced former grassland areas is thought to some help the species , and still is a common resident in its range . Climate change has been suggested for some of its expansion In Texas as well , as there was some evidence of a northern and eastern migration of counties over a five decade span ( 1957 @-@ 2007 ) . With the exception of vagrants found in New Mexico and Colorado , the species is a permanent resident of its range . 
 The episode also marks the third and final appearance of Cody Horn as Jordan Garfield , Deangelo 's executive assistant , and the first of three new roles since Carell 's departure . The role was originally said to be recurring at first with a chance of her becoming a series regular in the eighth season . She eventually did not return for the eighth season . Immediately after " Search Committee " first aired , NBC posted Andy , Dwight and Darryl 's resume on their official website and allowed fans to vote for who they believed should be the manager . Spader would later join the cast as CEO of Sabre in the eighth season while Tate is currently set to return in the second half of the eighth season as romantic interest for Robert California . In the eighth season premiere , " The List " , Andy was revealed to be the new manager . Arnett was considered a high possibility to appear on the series , but could not due to his commitment to the NBC comedy series Up All Night . This also marks the eighth and final appearance of Kathy Bates as Jo Bennett , of whom later episodes in the eighth season would refer to Jo later stepping down from her position as Sabre CEO and hiring Robert California to replace her , and later dissolving the company entirely as chairman . 
 The 2nd Battalion continued to serve in India following the Armistice and mobilised during the Third Afghan War in 1919 . Leading a " Special Column " , the battalion reached the Toba Plateau , some 8 @,@ 000 feet ( 2 @,@ 400 m ) high , but the war was concluded before the battalion could engage Afghan forces . 
 In a parody of The Devil and Daniel Webster , at work , Homer states that he would sell his soul for a doughnut after finding that Lenny and Carl took all the doughnuts and threw them at an old man ( Abe Simpson ) " for kicks " . The Devil , revealed to be Ned Flanders , appears and offers Homer a contract to seal the deal . However , before Homer finishes the doughnut , he realizes that Ned will not be able to have his soul if he does not eat all of the doughnut and keeps the final piece in the refrigerator . Unfortunately , while half @-@ asleep and looking for a midnight snack , he eats the final piece of the " forbidden donut " , and Ned instantly reappears to take possession of Homer 's soul . Marge and Lisa plead with Ned , finally getting him to agree to hold a trial the next day . Until then , Homer is sent to spend the rest of the day being punished in Hell . At the stroke of twelve midnight , Ned brings Homer back to the Simpson household for his trial . Then , when the Simpsons ' lawyer , Lionel Hutz , flees after ruining his case , Marge makes a final effort to save Homer by displaying a photo from their wedding day . On the back of the photo , Homer has written that , in return for Marge giving him her hand in marriage , he pledges his soul to her forever ; therefore , it was not his property to sell at the time of his deal with Ned . The jury rules in favor of the Simpsons and the presiding judge dismisses the case . Enraged , the Devil leaves , but not before he turns Homer 's head into a doughnut . 
 May stalwart sons , and gentle maidens rise , 
 Republican president Dwight D. Eisenhower convinced John Sherman Cooper , a former senator and ambassador who was immensely popular in Kentucky , to challenge Wetherby , hoping his presence on the ticket would aid his own re @-@ election bid . In the Republican primary , voters chose Thruston B. Morton to challenge Clements . With two of his factional enemies as candidates for the Senate , Governor Chandler bolted the party and supported the Republican candidates . Further complicating Clements ' campaign was the fact that Senate majority leader Lyndon Johnson suffered a heart attack in 1956 , and as majority whip , Clements had to spend much of his time in Washington , D.C. covering Johnson 's duties in the Senate . What time he was in Kentucky was usually devoted to Wetherby 's campaign , since the Democrats believed Clements would be re @-@ elected easily while Wetherby faced much stiffer odds . These factors , combined with the landslide of support for Eisenhower , the Republican presidential candidate , contributed to the defeat of both Wetherby and Clements . Cooper defeated Wetherby by 65 @,@ 000 votes , while Clements lost to Morton by a margin of 7 @,@ 000 votes out of more than 1 million that were cast in the election . It was Clements ' first defeat for elected office in a career that spanned thirty years . 
 2000s 
 The 4Live Kru broke up as a result of Konnan 's actions at Turning Point . This led to B.G. James and Kip James forming The James Gang tag team and Konnan creating The Latin American Exchange alliance with Homicide and Apolo . The two teams fought at Against All Odds , which The James Gang won . Ron Killings chose not to be involved in the rivalry in the storyline , instead facing Bobby Roode at Final Resolution in a losing effort . 
 A number of customers have reported safety problems with the <unk> brakes : after an emergency braking event , and once the driver has released the brake pedal , the brakes remain in full force for some amount of time , increasing the risk of rear collisions . 
 243 
 Staying Strong : A Journal , <unk> & Friends ( October 7 , 2014 ) , ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 250 @-@ <unk> @-@ 6 
 priest @-@ PROS 
 1 ⁄ N ( Q1 + Q2 + ... + <unk> ) 
 A Khmer syllable begins with a single consonant , or else with a cluster of two , or rarely three , consonants . The only possible clusters of three consonants at the start of a syllable are / <unk> / , / <unk> / , and ( with aspirated consonants analyzed as two @-@ consonant sequences ) / <unk> / , / <unk> / . There are 85 possible two @-@ consonant clusters ( including [ pʰ ] etc. analyzed as / ph / etc . ) . All the clusters are shown in the following table , phonetically , i.e. superscript ʰ can mark either contrastive or non @-@ contrastive aspiration ( see above ) . 
 " Somewhereinamerica " embodies portions of " Gangster of Love ( Part 1 ) " written by Johnny Guitar Watson . 
 For most of its applications gas metal arc welding is a fairly simple welding process to learn requiring no more than a week or two to master basic welding technique . Even when welding is performed by well @-@ trained operators weld quality can fluctuate since it depends on a number of external factors . All GMAW is dangerous , though perhaps less so than some other welding methods , such as shielded metal arc welding . 
 A glossy stripe , tilt the note and a glossy stripe showing the value numeral and the euro symbol will appear . 
 " Home " received mixed reviews from critics . Gerrick D. Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times deemed it the series ' most emotional episode , and his favorite next to " Wheels " . Kennedy praised O 'Malley 's performance as " nothing short of perfection " and recommended that Chenoweth receive an Emmy nomination for her performance . Tim Stack of Entertainment Weekly concurred that Chenoweth 's performance was Emmy @-@ worthy , though felt she may have been slightly overused in the episode . Stack noted that he did not love " Home " upon his first viewing , but praised it for adding depth to the characters and tackling body image and sexuality issues . Rick Bentley of McClatchy Newspapers called the episode " as perfect as television can get " , praising Colfer 's performance and also deeming him deserving of an Emmy nomination . Mark A. Perigard of the Boston Herald similarly assessed that " Home " is : " the strongest episode of the season to date , the one Fox should submit for Emmy consideration . " Perigard was impressed by the range shown by O 'Malley , and opined that the episode as a whole had no low @-@ points . 
 Royal Rumble ( 2009 ) – Randy Orton 
 His father emigrated to New York in 1905 , and in 1912 , the rest of his family followed except for 17 @-@ year old Lazarus who remained in London . From then on , he lived with the family of Joseph <unk> at 292 Commercial Road in the East End of London . At the time , the area was a hub of the Jewish diaspora and at the turn of the 20th century , a quarter of its population were Jews from Central and Eastern Europe . Growing up in the East End , Aaronson was part of a group of friends who are today referred to as the Whitechapel Boys , all of whom were children of Jewish immigrants and shared literary and artistic ambitions . Others in the group who , like Aaronson , later achieved distinction included John Rodker , Isaac Rosenberg , Joseph Leftwich , Samuel Winsten , Clara Birnberg , David Bomberg , and the brothers Abraham and Joseph Fineberg . Aaronson was also involved in the Young Socialist League , where he and other Whitechapel Boys helped organise educational meetings on modern art and radical politics . Aaronson remained a committed socialist throughout adulthood . 
 Roger Ebert largely enjoyed the film , but was disappointed with the ending . Ebert believed that Willis ' " subtle acting " was positively different from the actor 's usual work in " brainless action movies " . Richard Corliss of Time magazine reviewed that Unbreakable continued Shyamalan 's writing / direction of " balancing sophistication and horror in all of his movies " . Desson Thomson from The Washington Post wrote that " just as he did in The Sixth Sense , writer @-@ director M. Night Shyamalan leads you into a fascinating labyrinth , an alternative universe that lurks right under our noses . In this case , it 's the mythological world and , in these modern times , the secret design to that labyrinth , the key to the path , is contained in comic books . " 
 On August 18 , The Miz was the host of SummerSlam , during which he had a run @-@ in with Fandango , beginning a feud between the two . Miz went on to defeat Fandango both on the September 2 episode of Raw and on September 15 at Night of Champions . The following night on Raw , Miz was assaulted by Randy Orton in front of his parents , resulting in a storyline injury . When Miz returned in October , he lost to Orton and then started a feud with Kingston , defeating him on the Survivor Series pre @-@ show , but losing a no disqualification match at TLC to end their feud . In February , Miz stormed out during matches to complain about his lack of screen time and claiming that he should be in matches . Miz participated in the André the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at WrestleMania XXX , but was eliminated by Santino Marella . 
 The first major naval action in the North Sea , the Battle of Helgoland Bight , took place on 28 August 1914 . Helgoland was again stationed off Wangerooge . Despite her proximity to the battle , Helgoland was not sent to aid the beleaguered German cruisers , as she could not be risked in an unsupported attack against possibly superior British forces . Instead , the ship was ordered to drop anchor and await relief by Thüringen . By 04 : 30 , Helgoland received the order to join Ostfriesland and sail out of the harbor . At 05 : 00 , the two battleships met the battered cruisers Frauenlob and Stettin . By 07 : 30 , the ships had returned to port for the night . Three days later , on 31 August , Helgoland was put into drydock for maintenance . On the afternoon of 7 September , Helgoland and the rest of the High Seas Fleet conducted a training cruise to the main island of Heligoland . 
 Arriving in Paris in June , eventually Rix Nicholas rented a studio in Montparnasse , which had previously belonged to French artist Rosa Bonheur . An exhibition at the " prestigious " Georges Petit Galerie in Paris in January 1925 was a great success . It led to important sales , including to the Musée du Luxembourg , making her the only Australian woman to have more than one work in its collection and , according to one report , one of only three Australian artists represented at all at that time , the others being Rupert Bunny and Arthur Streeton . The exhibition led also to a tour of her works to London and British regional galleries , the first time any Australian artist had archived such prominence ; between 1926 and 1928 , her works were shown in Hull , Sunderland , Tyne and Wear , Bootle , Blackpool , Northampton , Warrington , Folkestone , Leicester , Derby , Gateshead and Leek in Staffordshire . 
 Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge repeats the usual conservative agenda of family , courtship and marriage , but it proposes that Indian family values are portable assets that can be upheld regardless of country of residence . To prove this , Raj , an NRI who was brought up in London , is portrayed as the story 's " good guy " , whereas Kuljeet , raised in India , is portrayed as the villain . This is a reversal of the roles in typical Indian films , which usually portray Indians as being morally superior to Westerners . Here , NRIs are validated as potential model Indians citizens . 
 In February 1957 , Melbourne was sent to the Royal Hobart Regatta . Following this , she travelled to New Zealand , where she participated in exercises with HMNZS Royalist and visited several New Zealand ports . The first of several annual three @-@ month deployments to Southeast Asia as part of the Far East Strategic Reserve began in April , with Melbourne returning to Darwin at the end of June . The carrier spent the rest of the year visiting Australian ports for open inspections by the public . During the visit to Port Adelaide , on 28 October 1957 , Melbourne was slightly damaged when she was struck by MV Straat Lanka — the first of several minor collisions the carrier would experience throughout her career . Operations for the year concluded with participation in Exercise Astrolabe off Lord Howe Island , with ships from the RAN , Royal Navy , and Royal New Zealand Navy , before returning to Sydney on 13 December . 
 Jackson 's previous album Off the Wall ( 1979 ) received strong critical acclaim and was also a commercial success , eventually selling over 20 million copies worldwide . The years between Off the Wall and Thriller were a transitional period for the singer , a time of increasing independence . The period saw the singer become deeply unhappy ; Jackson explained , " Even at home , I 'm lonely . I sit in my room sometimes and cry . It 's so hard to make friends ... I sometimes walk around the neighborhood at night , just hoping to find someone to talk to . But I just end up coming home . " When Jackson turned 21 in August 1979 , he hired John Branca as his manager . 
 R @-@ 6 : Between 21 and 75 
 Clive Muldoon – songwriting 
 Eureka has been read in many ways , in part because Poe 's sincerity in the work is questionable . It has been considered prophetically scientific , intuitively romantic , and even <unk> ironic . Lacking scientific proof , Poe said it was not his goal to prove what he says to be true , but to convince through suggestion . 
 In April 2010 it was announced that Máscara Dorada and Valiente would travel to Japan in early May to participate in New Japan Pro Wrestling 's first ever Super J Tag Team tournament . In the first round of the tournament they lost to former IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champions Ryusuke Taguchi and Prince Devitt in just under eight minutes . In November 2010 Máscara Dorada and La Sombra took part in New Japan 's five @-@ day @-@ long Super J Tag League . After winning two out of their four matches in the group stage , Sombra and Dorada finished third in their block , missing the finals of the tournament . Dorada and Sombra returned to New Japan on January 4 , 2011 , at Wrestle Kingdom V in Tokyo Dome , where they defeated Jushin Thunder Liger and Héctor Garza in a tag team match . 
 The mantle was a celestial blue robe lined with white silk . The star of the Order ( see below ) was depicted on the left of the mantle . A blue hood was attached to the mantle . 
 No public announcement was made of the court martial 's verdict . Instead , the following day , the General Officer Commanding London District was sent instructions ordering the sentence to be promulgated on 5 November , with Lody being told , and for the sentence to be carried out at least 18 hours later . Great secrecy surrounded the proceedings which , when combined with the short timeframe , caused problems for the GOC in finding a suitable place of execution . He contacted Major @-@ General Henry <unk> , the Major of the Tower of London , to tell him : 
 By the morning of Saturday 8 May , talks between the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats were fully underway . A 70 @-@ minute meeting at Admiralty House in Westminster was described by both parties as being " constructive and amicable " , and another meeting was scheduled for the following day . At a private meeting that evening , Cameron and Clegg held the first of a series of talks to discuss the negotiations . Members of the Liberal Democrat Parliamentary Party had earlier met at Local Government House to discuss the coalition talks . 
 The European route E751 , or E751 , as defined by the Declaration on the Construction of Main International Traffic Arteries of 1975 , and subsequent documents which amended the treaty , is an east @-@ west Class @-@ B branching European road route . Originating in Rijeka , Croatia , where it diverges from European route E61 before passing through the Kanfanar interchange , the route connects Pula , Rovinj , Poreč and Umag in Croatia with Koper in Slovenia . The route provides a high @-@ performance road link in Istria and Slovenian Littoral . Unlike most routes , the E751 centers on the Kanfanar interchange and has three arms , each extending to Rijeka , Pula and Koper . The total length of the route , including all the route arms , is 160 km ( 99 mi ) . 
 César Ritz once commented that the room was so heavily designed in bronze that it was fortunate that the hotel was built from steel , or the " walls would collapse with the weight of all that bronze " . Flanking the entrance to the main restaurant are two life @-@ sized figures set in " bronze vert after <unk> , holding gilded bronze <unk> with six lights each , mounted on pedestals of polished <unk> marble ornamented with bronze " . The restaurant and adjacent guest room were designed by P. H. Remon and Sons of Paris . The ceiling is a described by Montgomery @-@ Massingberd and Watkin as a " painted trompe @-@ l 'oeil ceiling on which pinkish clouds drift across the blue sky encircled by a garlanded balustrade " . Bronze chandeliers are also a feature , influenced by an 18th @-@ century Augustin de Saint @-@ Aubin engraving known as Le Bal Pare et Masque , and Le Festin by Moreau le Jeune , which was given by the City of Paris to the King and Queen on 21 January 1782 . 
 As part of New York 's leg of the 1981 Newport Jazz Festival ( which spanned both NYC and its home city of Newport , Rhode Island , that year ) , he performed with former Cotton Club bandleader Cab Calloway in a production called Stompin ' at the Savoy . A few weeks later , Sims was on stage at the American Dance Festival , dancing both with and without his sandbox . 
 Before the 2001 – 02 season began , Salo injured his groin in an exhibition game against the Toronto Maple Leafs in September . In addition to missing the first three games of the season , he was later sidelined for a total of 13 more contests due to separate cases of the flu , a broken finger and back spasms . He recorded 18 points in 66 games . In the proceeding off @-@ season , Salo underwent shoulder surgery . Becoming a free agent , he accepted an $ 880 @,@ 000 qualifying offer from the Senators on 31 July 2002 . Nearly two months later , he was traded to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for forward Peter Schaefer on 21 September . 
 Rochell received the federal trademark on Grapico in 1940 , giving his Grapico Company of America the right to use the name " Grapico " everywhere in the United States . In 1955 , Grapico Company of America attempted to expand its fruit @-@ flavored brands with Orangico , a sister product to Grapico that included real orange juice . The orange juice @-@ based Orangico did not sell well and the federal trademark eventually expired . In September 1981 , both the franchising rights to the Grapico brand name and The Pepsi Bottling Group in Newnan , Georgia were acquired by Buffalo Rock , an independent Pepsi bottler based in Birmingham , Alabama . Buffalo Rock revived the Orangico trademark in 1999 for an artificially flavored orange drink and introduced Diet Grapico in 2005 . Grapico is now produced at Buffalo Rock 's Birmingham , Alabama bottling facility . 
 The role of Kimberly Corman was given to Canadian actress A.J. Cook , who previously starred in the 1999 film The Virgin Suicides . Cook described her role as " a very strong girl , very determined because her mother died a year earlier , right in front of her eyes , so she had to grow up quick . " Ellis described her role as " a girl who can have some fun cause they 're going on a trip and they 're gonna have a good time , yet someone who can stand up to Clear , to come and challenge Clear on a race , and to bother with Clear . " Cook added that " it 's rare to find one strong female lead in a horror film , not to mention two [ Larter ] . ” Ellis and Perry were amazed by her sensitivity and vulnerability in her performance , and she was hired instantly . " [ We ] were at the beginning of what 's going to be a long successful career for her , " Perry cited . Michael Landes , who appeared in the TV series Lois & Clark : The New Adventures of Superman , was cast as Thomas Burke . Landes defined him as " a real nice , decent guy who comes across this huge car accident [ and ] who is very intrigued to begin with " and as " the guy who bumps into the girl and he goes nuts as her protector . " Ellis pointed out that he " just wanted to find someone who 's young and who can relate to these kids . It wasn 't an older guy , but still strong enough and yet sensitive . [ Landes ] brought this really good balance to his part . " Landes was cast a day after his audition , which caused flight schedule problems on his departure two days after and cancellation of his appointments . 
 Police cars lack GPS navigation devices and mobile data terminal . Instead , all communication must be radioed to the dispatcher at the joint operations center , and officers must rely on printed road atlases for navigation . In contrast , GPS navigation and terminal equipment was finished installed in ambulances and fire trucks in 2003 . The Norwegian Public Safety Radio is scheduled for completion in 2015 . 
 Five medications are currently used to treat the cognitive problems of AD : four are acetylcholinesterase inhibitors ( <unk> , <unk> , galantamine and donepezil ) and the other ( memantine ) is an NMDA receptor antagonist . The benefit from their use is small . No medication has been clearly shown to delay or halt the progression of the disease . 
 In October 1937 , the Duke and Duchess visited Germany , against the advice of the British government , and met Adolf Hitler at his Obersalzberg retreat . The visit was much publicised by the German media . During the visit the Duke gave full Nazi salutes . The former Austrian ambassador , Count Albert von <unk> @-@ Pouilly @-@ <unk> , who was also a second cousin once removed and friend of George V , believed that Edward favoured German fascism as a bulwark against communism , and even that he initially favoured an alliance with Germany . According to the Duke of Windsor himself , the experience of " the unending scenes of horror " during the First World War led him to support appeasement . Hitler considered Edward to be friendly towards Nazi Germany and thought that Anglo @-@ German relations could have been improved through Edward if it were not for the abdication . Albert Speer quoted Hitler directly : " I am certain through him permanent friendly relations could have been achieved . If he had stayed , everything would have been different . His abdication was a severe loss for us . " 
 To one Allen did barter a great railway charter — 
 Half @-@ Life 2 : Episode Two is a first @-@ person shooter video game , the second episode in a series of sequels to the 2004 Half @-@ Life 2 . It was developed by Valve Corporation in tandem with Episode One , the first game in the series , and released in 2007 via Valve 's Steam content distribution platform . The episode was released both separately and as a part of a bundled package , The Orange Box . 
 Based on the perceived " faulty proportions " of the figures , Ludwig von Baldass suggested a date early in van Eyck 's career , around 1425 . He attributes the unusual positioning and anatomy to a young and relatively inexperienced painter , one who was still experimenting . He notes how the landscape and individual elements are similar to Hubert van Eyck 's style , but that the close observation of nature reveals Jan 's hand . Luber suggests a slightly later date of about 1430 , during the period van Eyck finished the Ghent Altarpiece . She bases her supposition on the fact that van Eyck 's employer Philip the Bold sent him to Portugal in the late 1420s ; he would have been unavailable for a commission until his return in 1430 . Furthermore , the landscape details , which correlate to van Eyck 's work of the period , combined with the return from pilgrimage late in the 1420s of the Adornes brothers ( who may have commissioned the two paintings ) , suggest a completion date of about 1430 . 
 <unk> ( 2000 ) . <unk> <unk> . Tokyo : Yamakawa <unk> . 
 On 31 July 1941 Hermann Göring gave written authorization to SS @-@ Obergruppenführer ( Senior Group Leader ) Reinhard Heydrich , Chief of the Reich Main Security Office ( RSHA ) , to prepare and submit a plan for a " total solution of the Jewish question " in territories under German control and to coordinate the participation of all involved government organisations . The resulting Generalplan Ost ( General Plan for the East ) called for deporting the population of occupied Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union to Siberia , for use as slave labour or to be murdered . The minutes of the Wannsee Conference estimated the Jewish population of the Soviet Union to be five million , with another three million in Ukraine . 
 Cambridge Water Co Ltd v Eastern Counties Leather plc [ 1994 ] 1 All ER 53 is a case in English tort law that established the principle that claims under nuisance and Rylands v Fletcher must include a requirement that the damage be foreseeable ; it also suggested that Rylands was a sub @-@ set of nuisance rather than an independent tort , a debate eventually laid to rest in Transco plc v Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council . 
 Following the death of Ascheberg , the Governor Generalship was dismantled into a separate county governor for each of the Swedish provinces Blekinge , Halland and Scania . However , a Governor Generalship was reinstated in the province of Scania during the Napoleonic War , when Johan Christopher Toll became the last Governor @-@ General in the region , a post he held 1801 – 09 . 
 Many outside observers have described the group as " apolitical " at least in part because it avoids media and government notice , operates largely in secrecy , and has missionaries that lead austere lifestyles with principled stands against social ills . Three western experts on Islam , for example , have described it as a : 
 In 2065 , the Zero @-@ X spacecraft launches from Glenn Field as the first attempt at a manned mission to Mars . Unknown to Captain Paul Travers and his crew of two astronauts and two scientists , criminal mastermind the Hood has infiltrated the ship to photograph Zero @-@ X 's wing mechanism . When his foot becomes trapped in the hydraulics , the Hood causes a systems failure and Zero @-@ X loses control . While the villain manages to extract his bloodied foot and parachute from the undercarriage , Travers and his crew eject in an escape pod and Zero @-@ X crashes into the ocean before leaving Earth 's atmosphere . 
 Three plots then alternate through the play . In one , Caliban falls in with Stephano and Trinculo , two drunkards , believing Stephano to be a " brave god " who " bears celestial liquor " . They attempt to raise a coup against Prospero , which ultimately fails . In another , Prospero works to encourage a romantic relationship between Ferdinand and Miranda ; the two fall immediately in love , but Prospero worries that " too light winning [ may ] make the prize light " , and compels Ferdinand to become his servant , pretending that he regards him as a spy . In the third subplot , Antonio and Sebastian conspire to kill Alonso and Gonzalo so that Sebastian can become King . Ariel thwarts them , at Prospero 's command . Ariel appears to the " three men of sin " ( Alonso , Antonio and Sebastian ) as a harpy , reprimanding them for their betrayal of Prospero . Prospero , who has witnessed this , leaves to visit Ferdinand and Miranda . The three guilty nobles run off , distracted and in a frenzy , and Gonzalo and the attendant lords chase after to prevent them from doing " what this ecstasy may now provoke them to " . 
 Nations Cup : 2011 
 Using fingerprint records , Scully learns that Betts had an alter ego named Albert Tanner . The agents visit his elderly mother , Elaine ( Marjorie Lovett ) , who claims that " Albert " died in a car accident six years previously . Meanwhile , Wilkes tracks down Betts at another hospital and confronts him . After an apology , he gives her a lethal injection of potassium chloride ; Betts is then pursued and captured by a security guard . After he is handcuffed to his car , Betts escapes by tearing off his thumb . The agents search the car the next morning , finding disposed tumors in a cooler in the trunk . Mulder believes that Betts subsists on the tumors , and that his nature makes him the embodiment of a radical leap in evolution . 
 A planned stunt that was never executed was an attempt to breach the nautical red zone . Morrow and Licciardello were to perform it after the motorcade stunt on 6 September 2007 ; but it never went ahead , since they were detained by police after the surprising success of the earlier stunt . The plan was to breach APEC nautical security in " funny " boats , such as a gondola . Licciardello also stated on an episode of ' Rove Live ' that there was to be an attempt to breach APEC security " by <unk> . " 
 Amir , a well @-@ to @-@ do Pashtun boy , and Hassan , a Hazara who is the son of Ali , Amir 's father 's servant , spend their days kite fighting in the hitherto peaceful city of Kabul . Hassan is a successful " kite runner " for Amir ; he knows where the kite will land without watching it . Amir 's father , a wealthy merchant Amir affectionately refers to as Baba , loves both boys , but is often critical of Amir , considering him weak and lacking in courage . Amir finds a kinder fatherly figure in Rahim Khan , Baba 's closest friend , who understands him and supports his interest in writing . 
 After Peng returned from his first tour abroad , in September 1955 , he began to seriously implement his " Four Great Systems " : the implementation of standardized military ranks , salaries , awards , and rules of conscription . On September 23 , 1955 the State Council named Peng one of the ten marshals of the PLA , China 's highest military rank . ( Before 1955 , Chinese soldiers were assigned " functions " instead of ranks , such as " company commander " , or " division commander " ) . PLA leaders were promoted into Peng 's newly founded system of military ranks , and were awarded newly created orders of merit . Peng himself was awarded the First Class Medal of the Order of August 1 ( for his achievements in the Chinese Civil war from 1927 – 1937 ) , the First Class Medal of the Order of Independence and Freedom ( for his achievements in the Sino @-@ Japanese War ) , and the First Class Medal of the Order of Liberation ( for his achievements in the Chinese Civil war from 1945 – 1949 ) . Peng introduced military insignia for the first time , and issued military uniforms modeled on those worn by Soviet soldiers . From January 1 , 1956 Peng replaced conscription with voluntary service , and standardized career soldiers ' salaries on eighteen grades , from private second class to marshal . In May 1956 Peng introduced a clear prioritization of rank favoring commanders over political commissars . By September 1956 Peng 's doctrines of professionalism , strict training , discipline , and the mastery of modern equipment were entrenched within the structure of the PLA . 
 The Roman orator Cicero called him " the first man of Greece " , and Montaigne judged him one of the three " worthiest and most excellent men " that had ever lived , but Epaminondas has fallen into relative obscurity in modern times . The changes Epaminondas wrought on the Greek political order did not long outlive him , as the cycle of shifting hegemonies and alliances continued unabated . A mere twenty @-@ seven years after his death , a recalcitrant Thebes was obliterated by Alexander the Great . Thus Epaminondas — who had been praised in his time as an idealist and liberator — is today largely remembered for a decade ( 371 BC to 362 BC ) of campaigning that sapped the strength of the great land powers of Greece and paved the way for the Macedonian conquest . 
 Yet another fireball was seen on August 20 , 2010 . 
 Publicity for the film announced that Bakshi had created " the first movie painting " by utilizing " an entirely new technique in filmmaking . " Much of the film used live @-@ action footage which was then rotoscoped to produce an animated look . This saved production costs and gave the animated characters a more realistic look . In animation historian Jerry Beck 's The Animated Movie Guide , reviewer <unk> Boylan writes that " up to that point , animated films had not depicted extensive battle scenes with hundreds of characters . By using the rotoscope , Bakshi could trace highly complex scenes from live @-@ action footage and transform them into animation , thereby taking advantage of the complexity live @-@ action film can capture without incurring the exorbitant costs of producing a live @-@ action film . " 
 Throughout the 20th century new fossil finds continued to contribute to understanding the paths taken by evolution . Examples include major taxonomic transitions such as finds in Greenland , starting in the 1930s ( with more major finds in the 1980s ) , of fossils illustrating the evolution of tetrapods from fish , and fossils in China during the 1990s that shed light on the dinosaur @-@ bird relationship . Other events that have attracted considerable attention have included the discovery of a series of fossils in Pakistan that have shed light on whale evolution , and most famously of all a series of finds throughout the 20th century in Africa ( starting with Taung child in 1924 ) and elsewhere have helped illuminate the course of human evolution . Increasingly , at the end of the 20th century , the results of paleontology and molecular biology were being brought together to reveal detailed phylogenetic trees . 
 North of <unk> , NY 21 takes on a more northerly course through the county that eventually brings it to the village of Wayland , where it intersects I @-@ 390 at exit 3 south of the village . The interchange also serves as the southern terminus of NY 15 and is adjacent to the north end of NY 415 , which terminates north of the exit at NY 21 . NY 15 joins NY 21 north into the center of Wayland , where the two routes separate upon intersecting NY 63 . While NY 15 continues north from the village into Livingston County , NY 21 leaves Wayland on an east – west alignment , roughly paralleling the northern county line and a B & H Rail Corporation line as it runs through a valley surrounding the Cohocton River . After 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) , the road enters the hamlet of North Cohocton , centered around NY 21 's junction with the northern terminus of NY 371 . 
 The spore dust is olive to brownish olive . The spores are oval to somewhat fuse @-@ shaped , measuring 11 – 15 μm long by 4 @.@ 5 – 6 @.@ 5 μm wide . The basidia ( spore @-@ bearing cells ) are club @-@ shaped and four @-@ spored , and measure 29 @.@ 2 – 36 @.@ 5 by 11 @.@ 0 – 12 @.@ 4 μm . Cystidia on the sides of the tubes ( pleurocystidia ) are fuse @-@ shaped with swollen middles and long necks , measuring 33 – 48 by 7 @.@ 3 – 13 @.@ 5 μm ; cheilocystidia ( on the edges of the pores ) have a similar morphology . The cap cuticle is made of cylindrical hyphae 3 @.@ 7 – 5 @.@ 8 μm wide that are interwoven compactly , and the hyphal tips are erect and arranged in bundles . In contrast , the hyphae of the cap flesh is loosely interwoven with hyphae that are cylindrical and branched , measuring 3 @.@ 7 – 8 @.@ 8 μm . Hyphae do not contain clamp connections . The mycelium is an unusual yellow colour . 
 Earthquakes are common in Ecuador . Near the Nazca subduction zone the recorded history of interplate earthquakes spans 80 years . At the time it struck the 1949 Ambato earthquake was the second @-@ worst earthquake in Ecuador 's modern history topped only by the 1797 Riobamba earthquake , and the most devastating earthquake in the Western Hemisphere since the 1944 San Juan earthquake . Several major earthquakes have occurred throughout the country since 1949 , including the 1987 Ecuador earthquakes and the 1997 Ecuador earthquake . The 2007 Peru earthquake also affected the country . 
 During his first campaign for the Puerto Rico Senate in 1932 , Muñoz Marín was accused of being a narcotics addict ; he was alleged to be addicted to opium . 
 In September 1961 , Digital donated a PDP @-@ 1 to MIT . Although not an expensive machine , and with a tiny ( by today 's standards ) 9K of memory , it had a Type 30 precision CRT display . Dennis oversaw the PDP @-@ 1 lab , located next door to the TX @-@ 0 . Students from TMRC worked as support staff , programming the new computer . 
 At this point Laverdure ordered one company of his Senegalese infantry to leave the column with a convoy of wounded soldiers which he sent back to Khénifra . However many of his other troops , seeing the Senegalese leaving , broke ranks and followed in panic . Laverdure attempted to continue his withdrawal but , just having crossed the <unk> river , his rearguard was surrounded and attacked repeatedly from all sides , being quickly overrun . The gun batteries soon suffered the same fate , their crews also being killed . The Zaian assembled on the ridges surrounding the remaining French troops , who had formed a defensive square , before launching a final attack with " several thousand " men . This attack lasted just a few minutes and , after a desperate struggle , the square was broken and the remainder of the column was wiped out . The Zaian chased down and killed any of the survivors who attempted to hide in the scrub . 
 The Cooperativa Obrera <unk> ( Mataró Workers ' Cooperative ) was Gaudí 's first big project , on which he worked from 1878 to 1882 , for Salvador Pagès i Anglada . The project , for the cooperative 's head office in Mataró , comprised a factory , a worker 's housing estate , a social centre and a services building , though only the factory and the services building were completed . In the factory roof Gaudí used the catenary arch for the first time , with a bolt assembly system devised by Philibert de l 'Orme . He also used ceramic tile decoration for the first time in the services building . Gaudí laid out the site taking account of solar orientation , another signature of his works , and included landscaped areas . He even designed the Cooperative 's banner , with the figure of a bee , symbol of industriousness . 
 On October 21 , 2010 , the Owls were voted by other Atlantic 10 coaches as the preseason favorite to win the league , receiving 19 first place votes . Allen was selected for the All @-@ Conference First Team and Defensive Team , while Juan Fernandez was selected for the second team . Allen was listed on the preseason Wooden and Naismith Award 50 @-@ man watchlist . Jay Bilas of ESPN named Temple Owls the third best team in the Atlantic 10 , behind Xavier and Dayton . He cited Allen 's summer experience on the USA select team and the development of Michael Eric as factors for a successful season . 
 The <unk> and centrality of wine in daily life in biblical times is apparent from its many positive and negative metaphorical uses throughout the Bible . Positively , for example , wine is used as a symbol of abundance , and of physical blessing . <unk> , wine is personified as a mocker and beer a brawler , and drinking a cup of strong wine to the dregs and getting drunk are sometimes presented as a symbol of God 's judgment and wrath . 
 Ceratopsia appears to have originated in Asia , as all of the earliest members are found there . Fragmentary remains , including teeth , which appear to be neoceratopsian , are found in North America from the Albian stage ( 112 to 100 million years ago ) , indicating that the group had dispersed across what is now the Bering Strait by the middle of the Cretaceous Period . Almost all <unk> are North American , aside from <unk> , which may represent a separate dispersal event , back into Asia . <unk> and their immediate ancestors , such as Zuniceratops , were unknown outside of western North America , and were presumed endemic to that continent . The traditional view that <unk> originated in North America was called into question by the 2009 discovery of better specimens of the dubious Asian form Turanoceratops , which confirmed it as a ceratopsid . It is unknown whether this indicates ceratopsids actually originated in Asia , or if the Turanoceratops immigrated from North America . 
 At the 32nd Japan Academy Prize ceremony held in February 2009 , Departures dominated the competition . It received a total of thirteen nominations , winning ten , including Picture of the Year , Screenplay of the Year ( Koyama ) , Director of the Year ( Takita ) , and Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role ( Motoki ) . In the Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role category , Hirosue lost to Tae Kimura of All Around Us , while in the Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction category Departures 's Tomio Ogawa lost to Paco and the Magical Book 's <unk> Kuwashima . Hisaishi , nominated for two Outstanding Achievement in Music awards , won for his scoring of Studio Ghibli 's animated film Ponyo . In response to the wins , Motoki said " It feels as if everything miraculously came together in balance this time with Okuribito " . 
 In addition to Jay Leno , other real @-@ life comedians that portrayed themselves in the episode include Steven Wright , Janeane Garofalo , Bobcat Goldthwait , and Bruce Baum , whose appearance helped increase his popularity . Krusty 's " Krustylu Studios " is a spoof on the company Desilu studios , set up by Lucille Ball and her husband Desi Arnaz , where the series Star Trek was once filmed . During Krusty 's " bender to end all benders " montage , he is seen drinking out of and vomiting into the Stanley Cup . The National Hockey League sent a letter regarding this scene . Mike Scully described it as a " kind of a cease and desist " , but the production staff decided not to cut the scene from the episode . Krusty attends the coffee shop Java the Hut , a reference to the Star Wars character Jabba the Hutt . 
 The basic plot of Bruce Lee 's Way of the Dragon ( 1972 ) was adapted by Varma for Siva . In Way of the Dragon , Lee comes from Hong Kong to work in a Chinese restaurant in Rome and fights local gangsters who try to intimidate the owners ; this leads to a rivalry with a crime boss ( played by Chuck Norris ) . In Siva , Nagarjuna comes from a nearby town to Vijayawada to further his education , fights gangsters and develops a rivalry with Raghuvaran . While Lee and Norris fight at the Colosseum at the climax of Way of the Dragon , Nagarjuna and Raghuvaran duel on a building terrace in Siva . 
 The Exopterygota likely are paraphyletic in regard to the Endopterygota . Matters that have incurred controversy include Strepsiptera and Diptera grouped together as <unk> based on a reduction of one of the wing pairs – a position not well @-@ supported in the entomological community . The <unk> are often lumped or split on the whims of the taxonomist . Fleas are now thought to be closely related to <unk> <unk> . Many questions remain in the basal relationships amongst <unk> orders , particularly the Hymenoptera . 
 The episode revolves around Dr. Gregory House ( Hugh Laurie ) , who , after being involved in a bus accident , vaguely remembers seeing someone who is " going to die " . House tries to trace back his steps throughout the episode to find out the identity of this person . A woman ( Ivana Miličević ) , who claims to be " the answer " , guides House through hallucinations about the crash . The episode eventually ends in a cliffhanger . 
 Grace and beauty in the female form , spirited action in the knight , and fiend @-@ like expression in the magician , unite with the splendid depth of effect produced by the architecture to render this , notwithstanding a slight tendency to blackness in some of the half @-@ tints , one of Mr. Etty 's " gems of art " . 
 Since 1905 , Windsor Park in south Belfast has been Linfield 's home ground . In the initial years after the club was formed in 1886 , Linfield had to change grounds several times for various reasons such as housing development . The numerous ground changes and the club 's desire to have a permanent home with which to build an identity resulted in the purchase of a piece of land known as the ' bog meadows ' just off lower Windsor Avenue on 1 October 1904 . Later known as Windsor Park , this became the club 's permanent home as well as the venue for international matches . The first game at Windsor took place on 29 August 1905 , with Linfield playing out a 0 – 0 draw against Distillery in a friendly match arranged to officially commemorate the opening of the stadium . The first competitive game played at the stadium took place just a few days later on 2 September 1905 , and ended with a 1 – 0 win for Linfield over Glentoran – the other half of Belfast 's Big Two – though Belfast Celtic were Linfield 's main rivals at the time . 
 There are a number of listed structures in the grounds of Dunham Massey Hall , including the 1720 wellhouse that supplied water to the hall until the 1860s , and the early @-@ 18th @-@ century ornamental sundial in front of the hall , depicting a black slave clad in leaves , carrying the sundial above his head . The stable buildings , the slaughterhouse , the deer house , the orangery , and an ashlar shelter to the west of the hall , all date from the 17th or 18th century . Barn Cottages date from at least 1751 . The cottages were originally a single barn , which was converted in the 19th century . Other grade II listed structures in the grounds of the hall include : the lakeside wall ( 18th century ) ; two small piers south of the garden forecourt ( 18th century ) ; a pier north west of the garden forecourt ( 18th century ) ; the gateway opposite the kitchen ( 1750 ) ; the piers at the south of forecourt garden topped with lions ( 18th century ) ; and an obelisk erected by George , 2nd Earl of Warrington , in 1714 in memory of his mother . Near the hall there is a Grade II * listed sawmill , probably built in 1616 . 
 The title never actually appears in the song 's lyrics . In an interview Lennon revealed that , like " A Hard Day 's Night " , it was taken from one of Ringo Starr 's malapropisms . The piece was originally titled " Mark I " . " The Void " is cited as another working title but according to Mark Lewisohn ( and Bob Spitz ) this is untrue , although the books The Love You Make : An Insider 's Story of the Beatles and The Beatles A to Z both cite " The Void " as the original title . 
 On 26 August the two ships parted ; Alert continued to push north while Discovery waited in reserve . Ninnis ' biological work then extended to horticulture . He collected wheat seeds left in the area by the Polaris expedition four years previously , and planted them — together with mustard , cress and pea seeds — between the decks of the Discovery . In May of the second year they were transplanted to the shore , under glass . According to Robert Johnston , in his 1877 summary of the expedition , " This experiment succeeded very well ; but , evidently , such an attempt at fancy gardening , under difficulties , could not be relied on to supply the wants of an entire ship 's crew . " 
 Since Nintendo did not have many products , it made only a few commercials a year , meaning the quality had to be phenomenal . The budget for a single commercial could reach US $ 5 million , easily four or five times more than most companies spent . One of the first commercials made under Bill White , director of advertising and public relations , was the market introduction for The Legend of Zelda , which received a great deal of attention in the ad industry . In it , a wiry @-@ haired , nerdy guy ( John Kassir ) walks through the dark making goofy noises , yelling out the names of some enemies from the game , and screaming for Zelda . 
 Binary , where a minimum size is either specified by the PICTURE clause or by a USAGE clause such as <unk> @-@ LONG . 
 The outer bands of Marty brought locally heavy rains to extreme southwestern Arizona , but there were no reports of flooding . The highest rain total was 2 @.@ 25 inches ( 57 mm ) at Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument in Arizona . Rainfall extended eastward into Texas , where a storm peak of 3 @.@ 09 inches ( 78 mm ) of rain occurred in <unk> . 
 An important of use of 237Np is as a precursor in plutonium production , where it is irradiated with neutrons to create 238Pu , an alpha emitter for radioisotope thermal generators for spacecraft and military applications . 237Np will capture a neutron to form 238Np and beta decay with a half @-@ life of just over two days to 238Pu . 
 Charlie Jane Anders of io9 commented enthusiastically on Danes ' portrayal , stating that " perhaps the greatest miracle in Torchwood : Miracle Day is Bill Pullman 's performance . " Anders cited that the character 's journey " seems bizarre and unlikely , but Pullman makes it work . " Mikey O 'Connell from Zap2it likened Pullman 's performance to that of John Lithgow as The Trinity Killer in Dexter , both having the sense of " the familiar , comforting actor you 've watched for decades " being " hijacked by someone else . " In a review of the first episode , Dan Martin from The Guardian opined that Pullman " stole the show as manipulative psychopath Oswald Danes " predicting " his character might give us one of the most compelling narratives . " Reviewing the fifth episode of the series The Independent 's Neela Debnath said of Pullman that " thus far he has given an extraordinary turn as Danes , which at times has veered towards hammy territory but has never entered it . " However , Debnath felt that with a key sequence where Danes makes a public speech " the line was finally crossed " , believing the sequence " clichéd " and that it was " improbable that he could instantaneously win over an angry lynch mob in moments . " 
 Since early 1941 the United States and Japan had been engaged in negotiations in an attempt to improve their strained relations and end the war in China . During these negotiations Japan advanced a number of proposals which were dismissed by the Americans as inadequate . At the same time the US , Britain , and the Netherlands engaged in secret discussions for the joint defence of their territories , in the event of a Japanese attack against any of them . Roosevelt reinforced the Philippines ( an American protectorate scheduled for independence in 1946 ) and warned Japan that the US would react to Japanese attacks against any " neighboring countries " . 
 Hours after the tornado hit , Greensburg was judged unsafe and was fully evacuated . Some of the injured were transferred to hospitals in Dodge City and Wichita . The Kansas National Guard was called in to assist in the security measures . Over 100 Red Cross officials were called in while some worked with the Federal Emergency Management Agency for the recovery efforts . Shelters were established at the Haviland High School and Barclay College in nearby Haviland , Kansas and the <unk> Lodge in Macksville , Kansas . After the tornado , looting was reported in the community and at least seven suspects , including four soldiers that were not part of the relief effort and went to Greensburg on their own , were arrested and faced charges of burglary and theft . A dusk @-@ to @-@ dawn curfew was put in place in the community after the tornado hit . 
 " Somebody " - 4 : 45 
 Economist Intelligence Unit ( 2008 ) . " Resources and infrastructure : Transport , communications and the Internet " . Country Profile : Mongolia . 
 Failing to reach their initial destination of Tobago due to light winds and strong currents , Low 's depleted fleet made it to Grenada , a French @-@ owned island . Hiding most of his men belowdecks , he was permitted to send men ashore for water . The following day , a French sloop was sent out to investigate , but was captured when Low 's men came out from hiding . Low , now commanding the captured sloop ( renamed the Ranger ) , gave the schooner Squirrel to his quartermaster , Spriggs , who renamed it the Delight before sailing away in the middle of the night with a small crew following a disagreement with Low over the disciplining of one of Spriggs ' crew . 
 On 8 November 2013 , the ASO announced Utrecht would host the 2015 edition 's Grand Départ ( the Tour 's opening stages ) . It was the sixth time the Tour had started in the Netherlands , a record for a country outside France . The previous five were : 1954 , in Amsterdam ; 1973 , in Scheveningen ; 1978 , in Leiden ; 1996 , in ' s @-@ Hertogenbosch ; and 2010 , in Rotterdam . Utrecht paid the ASO a reported € 4m to host the Grand Départ . The full route of the Tour was unveiled on 22 October 2014 at the Palais des Congrès in Paris . 
 Hurricane Gerda was a North Atlantic tropical cyclone that formed during the 1969 Atlantic hurricane season . It was the seventh named storm , fifth hurricane and third major hurricane of the 1969 season . Gerda formed on September 6 and crossed Florida as a tropical depression . Gerda later became a tropical storm after making a hard right turn and moving northeast and reaching hurricane status on September 8 . Gerda brushed past the Outer Banks of North Carolina before reaching maximum intensity of 125 mph ( 205 km / h ) and a low barometric pressure of 979 millibars ( 28 @.@ 9 inHg ) . On September 10 , Gerda made landfall near Eastport , Maine , and became extratropical the following day . 
 <unk> Steenstrup noted that some Rodrigues solitaire remains bore traces of having been broken by man or perhaps another large predator , to extract bone marrow . 
 The race was watched from the Oxford launch by the Prince of Wales and his brother Prince Albert . It was also the first time the launches were accompanied by aeroplanes . 
 During British rule , Tiruchirappalli was known for its tanneries , cigar @-@ manufacturing units and oil presses . At its peak , more than 12 million cigars were manufactured and exported annually . <unk> hides and skins from Tiruchirappalli were exported to the United Kingdom . The city has a number of retail and wholesale markets , the most prominent among them being the Gandhi Market , which also serves people from other parts of the district . Other notable markets in the city are the flower bazaar in Srirangam and the mango market at <unk> Salai . The suburb of <unk> is known for its rice mills , where polished Ponni rice is produced . 
 The writers also introduced relationships between Voyager 's crew , focusing on developing the connection between Tom Paris and B 'Elanna Torres , Tuvok and Neelix , and Kathryn Janeway and Chakotay . Both Russ and Kate Mulgrew believed that the writing improved during the fourth season . 
 Brian Gardner – mastering 
 " Higher Hell " – 5 : 01 
 On 7 June , Aaron Jarvis was called up to the squad as injury cover for Paul James . Jarvis later became a permanent replacement after James failed to recover form his injury . 
 " We 've Got Some Difficult Days Ahead " – 2 : 13 
 In late 1758 Brilliant joined a Royal Navy squadron supporting amphibious raids along the French coastline . In company with other frigates she protected fleet transports and bomb vessels and assisted with shore bombardment in the Battle of Saint Cast on 11 September 1758 . The future founder of the Royal Geographic Society , James Rennell , was a midshipman aboard Brilliant during this period and produced his first coastal map while the frigate was stationed off Saint Cast . Overall , Brilliant played an undistinguished role in this engagement as her draught was too deep for her to approach the shore . By the afternoon of the battle she was close enough to the beach for her crew to witness the surrounding and defeat of the British Grenadier Guards , but was too distant to range her guns onto their French assailants . 
 The music video for " Pretty Hurts " was released on December 13 , 2013 , to iTunes Stores , as part of the release of Beyoncé . On April 24 , 2014 , it was made available for viewing on the website of Time , to coincide with Beyoncé 's cover feature on their Time 100 issue . To further promote the release , Beyoncé launched a website campaign — " What Is Pretty " — which asked fans to post photos and videos on Instagram , explaining their definition of beauty . The music video was released on Beyoncé 's Vevo account on the same day as her Time feature and " What Is Pretty " launch . A behind the scenes segment of the music video was premiered on MTV and Vevo , also on April 24 . 
 Joyce concocted a number of money @-@ making schemes during this period , including an attempt to become a cinema magnate in Dublin . He also frequently discussed but ultimately abandoned a plan to import Irish tweed to Trieste . Correspondence relating to that venture with the Irish Woollen Mills were for a long time displayed in the windows of their premises in Dublin . Joyce 's skill at borrowing money saved him from indigence . What income he had came partially from his position at the Berlitz school and partially from teaching private students . 
 When asked why he was pursuing such a shift in his musical style by adopting electronic music , Idol responded that he had attempted to incorporate technology in his older work , but found the equipment of the late ' 70s and early ' 80s too limiting and gave up . With the computers of the ' 90s , Idol finally felt that the technology was able to quickly and easily make changes as he saw fit . Idol came to expound on his belief in their future importance for the music industry , and quoting Gareth Branwyn , referred to the computer as " the new cool tool . " 
 Pokémon Gold and Silver were critically acclaimed upon release and they are considered by many to be the best games in the entire series , as well as some of the fifth generation console gaming 's most significant titles . They continued the enormous success of their predecessors as Pokémon began to form into a multi @-@ billion dollar franchise . The games almost matched the sales of Pokémon Red and Blue and went on to jointly sell millions of copies worldwide . By 2010 , the recorded sales of Gold and Silver were at 23 million units . 
 When Charles attempted to impose his religious policies in Scotland he faced numerous difficulties . Although born in Scotland , Charles had become estranged from his northern kingdom ; his first visit since early childhood was for his Scottish coronation in 1633 . To the dismay of the Scots , who had removed many traditional rituals from their liturgical practice , Charles insisted that the coronation be conducted in the Anglican rite . In 1637 , the king ordered the use of a new prayer book in Scotland that was almost identical to the English Book of Common Prayer , without consulting either the Scottish Parliament or the Kirk . Although written , under Charles 's direction , by Scottish bishops , many Scots resisted it , seeing the new prayer book as a vehicle for introducing Anglicanism to Scotland . On 23 July , riots erupted in Edinburgh upon the first Sunday of the prayer book 's usage , and unrest spread throughout the Kirk . The public began to mobilise around a reaffirmation of the National Covenant , whose signatories pledged to uphold the reformed religion of Scotland and reject any innovations that were not authorised by Kirk and Parliament . When the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland met in November 1638 , it condemned the new prayer book , abolished episcopal church government by bishops , and adopted Presbyterian government by elders and deacons . 
 In Cuba , the storm caused minor impact , with damage totaling about $ 1 million . Offshore the United States in the Gulf of Mexico , 13 oil platforms were destroyed and 5 others were damaged beyond repair . Losses to the oil industry reached $ 100 million . In Louisiana , sustained winds of 100 to 120 mph to ( 155 to 195 km / h ) lashed the Abbeville @-@ Morgan City @-@ New Iberia area . Additionally , several tornadoes in the New Orleans area resulted in significant damage . There were 37 fatalities and an estimated 5 @,@ 000 injuries . Approximately 19 @,@ 000 homes were damaged in the state , 2 @,@ 600 of which were severely impacted . Outside of Louisiana , damage was primarily caused by flooding in the Southeastern United States . <unk> worst by flooding was North Carolina , where 2000 homes and buildings suffered water damage and one death was reported . Throughout the United States , the storm caused 38 fatalities and $ 125 million in losses . 
 2010 Do Not <unk> Your Nut 
 The school is funded through tuition , grants , and donations . The majority of students come from middle @-@ class families from Brooklyn . The private school has sliding @-@ scale tuition , and less than half pay full tuition . Founding director Alan Berger said that 20 percent paid full tuition in 2012 . In 2015 , about a third paid less than $ 500 in tuition , and another third paid half tuition . The sliding scale 's full tuition is set at $ 22 @,@ 000 . 
 These restrictions on individuals and non @-@ governmental organisations were relaxed in 2004 to allow the flag to be flown year @-@ round under certain conditions . A statement from the Ministry of Information and the Arts ( now MICA , the Ministry of Information , Communications and the Arts ) said that " [ t ] he national flag , national anthem and Singapore lion head ... are our most visible symbols of our sovereignty , pride and honour " and urged Singaporeans to use those " rallying " symbols to " identify with the nation " . 
 Mohun , who came under attack five or six times within six months , blamed much of the violence on Arab slavers who Mohun claimed had directed the killing of all of the white men in the east of the country and allowed their bodies to be eaten by cannibals . The slavers , who originated from the East coast of Africa , were in conflict with the heavily @-@ outnumbered Belgian authorities in the Congo Arab War . Francis , Baron Dhanis , vice @-@ governor general to the Free State , had been leading an expedition against slavers - who were led by <unk> , the son of Tippu Tip - since July 1892 . 
 Devers also served briefly in 1951 as military advisor to Frank P. Graham , the United Nations mediator in the dispute between India and Pakistan over the status of Kashmir . Eisenhower , now president , had Devers represent the United States at tenth anniversary ceremonies for the invasion of southern France in 1954 , for the dedication of <unk> American Cemetery and Memorial and the Rhone American Cemetery and Memorial in France , and for that of the Sicily – Rome American Cemetery and Memorial in Italy . In 1960 , as Devers was leaving Fairchild , Eisenhower asked him to replace Marshall as chairman of the American Battle Monuments Commission . He would remain in this role until 1969 . In May 1964 , he joined a number of other retired generals , including Eaker , Clyde Eddleman and Merrill B. Twining , for Joint Exercise Desert Strike , a major military exercise . 
 Dresser , Madge , Black and White on the Buses , Bristol : Bristol <unk> , 1986 . ISBN 0 @-@ <unk> @-@ 30 @-@ 9 . 
 Madonna – lead vocals 
 Prior to the outbreak of the Second World War , Barrowclough volunteered his services to the New Zealand Military Services , and this was duly taken up when the Second New Zealand Expeditionary Force ( 2NZEF ) , commanded by Major General Bernard Freyberg , was raised for service in the war . When the 2nd New Zealand Division was formed in 1940 , he was promoted to brigadier and appointed commander of its 6th Infantry Brigade . Embarking from New Zealand in May 1940 , he spent the next four months in England , commanding elements of the 2nd New Zealand Division which had been diverted there while en route to the Middle East , his own brigade continuing to Egypt as planned . He rejoined the brigade in October 1940 and led it during the campaign in Greece in April 1941 and later in Operation Crusader , the campaign to lift the Siege of Tobruk . He received several awards for his service during this period ; the Greek War Cross and a mention in despatches for his work in Greece , and a Bar to his DSO for his leadership during the Crusader offensive . 
 The stars of Auriga were incorporated into several Chinese constellations . <unk> , the five chariots of the celestial emperors and the representation of the grain harvest , was a constellation formed by Alpha Aurigae , Beta Aurigae , Beta Tauri , Theta Aurigae , and Iota Aurigae . <unk> or Zhu was one of three constellations which represented poles for horses to be tethered . They were formed by the triplets of Epsilon , Zeta , and Eta Aurigae ; Nu , Tau , and Upsilon Aurigae ; and Chi and 26 Aurigae , with one other undetermined star . <unk> , the pond where the sun set and <unk> , a pond , bridge , or pier , were other constellations in Auriga , though the stars that composed them are undetermined . <unk> , representing chairs for the emperor and other officials , was made up of nine stars in the east of the constellation . <unk> , a constellation mostly formed from stars in Camelopardalis representing different types of crops , included the northern stars of Delta and Xi Aurigae . 
 Meanwhile , the study of medicinal plants was not being neglected and a full synthesis of ancient Greek pharmacology was compiled in Materia Medica c . 60 AD by Pedanius Dioscorides ( c . 40 @-@ 90 AD ) who was a Greek physician with the Roman army . This work proved to be the definitive text on medicinal herbs , both oriental and occidental , for fifteen hundred years until the dawn of the European Renaissance being slavishly copied again and again throughout this period . Though rich in medicinal information with descriptions of about 600 medicinal herbs , the botanical content of the work was extremely limited . 
 As a consequence of the race , Hamilton extended his lead in the World Drivers ' Championship to five points over Räikkönen , with Massa a further three behind . Robert Kubica , who finished eighth after finding his BMW Sauber car uncompetitive at the Hungaroring , slipped to 13 points behind Hamilton , ahead of teammate Nick Heidfeld and Kovalainen . In the World Constructors ' Championship , McLaren passed BMW Sauber for second position , 11 points behind Ferrari . 
 On April 20 , 2016 Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew announced that several denominations of United States currency would be redesigned prior to 2020 , the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment . The newly designed $ 10 bill will include images which will pay homage to the women 's suffrage movement and feature the images of Cady Stanton , Sojourner Truth , Susan B. Anthony , Lucretia Mott , and Alice Paul . 
 In 1888 , Captain Lyman Hall was appointed Georgia Tech 's first mathematics professor , a position he held until his appointment as the school 's second president in 1896 . Hall had a solid background in engineering due to his time at West Point and often incorporated surveying and other engineering applications into his coursework . He had an energetic personality and quickly assumed a leadership position among the faculty . As president , Hall was noted for his aggressive fundraising and improvements to the school , including his special project , the A. French Textile School . In February 1899 , Georgia Tech opened the first textile engineering school in the Southern United States , with $ 10 @,@ 000 from the Georgia General Assembly , $ 20 @,@ 000 of donated machinery , and $ 13 @,@ 500 from supporters . It named the A. French Textile School after its chief donor and supporter , Aaron S. French . The textile engineering program would move to the Harrison Hightower Textile Engineering Building in 1949 . 
 John McClain - mixing 
 Colbert has released one book associated with The Colbert Report , I Am America ( And So Can You ! ) . It was released on October 7 , 2007 by Grand Central Publishing . Grand Central Publishing is the successor to Warner Books , which published America ( The Book ) , written by The Daily Show staff . The book contains similar political satire , but was written primarily by Colbert himself rather than as a collaboration with his Colbert Report writing staff . 
 " We Got Bitches " contains uncredited vocals from L @-@ Boy . 
 Burns began the 1884 season playing for the Wilmington Quicksteps , but left the team after they joined the Union Association , and joined the Baltimore Orioles . Burns — the youngest player on the Orioles and the seventh youngest player in the American Association — batted .298 . Despite playing in only 35 games on the season , Burns recorded a team @-@ leading six home runs over 141 plate appearances . He continued his career with the Orioles in 1885 , batting .231 with five home runs and 37 RBI , and pitching to a 7 – 4 win – loss record . His offensive struggles led him to be demoted to the Newark Domestics for the 1886 season , where he helped the Domestics win the Eastern League pennant . By 1887 , Burns had reentered the majors for the Orioles and became the team captain until he threw a baseball at an opposing pitcher following a groundout ; he was later fined $ 25 ( $ 658 in 2011 ) . On the season , he recorded nine home runs — good for third in the American Association . Burns 's 19 triples were enough to tie him with five others for the league lead , and his 140 games played were tied for the league lead with teammate Blondie Purcell . 
 The Trojans again showed inconsistency for most of the game before coming alive in the fourth quarter and pulling away to a 20 – 13 victory . USC started out well , going ahead 10 – 0 in the second quarter after running back Chauncey Washington 's 18 @-@ yard touchdown run and David Buehler 's 27 @-@ yard field goal . However , the offense began to sputter ; the Trojans amassed only 12 total yards in the second quarter and 50 in the third . Part of the offense 's problems were turnovers ; Sanchez threw two interceptions in the second quarter , allowing Arizona to tie the game going into halftime . The Wildcats kicked another field goal early in the third quarter to go up 13 – 10 , raising speculation that USC was going to be upset for the second consecutive week . The momentum of the game quickly changed in the fourth quarter after freshman running back Joe McKnight , touted as the next great Trojans tailback but yet to meet expectations , made a 45 @-@ yard punt return that Sanchez followed up on the next play with a 25 @-@ yard touchdown pass to tight end Fred Davis . After a defensive stop , Arizona punter <unk> Crier kicked an 83 @-@ yard punt to the Trojans one @-@ yard line . The Trojans pushed forward with fullback Stanley Havili before McKnight again made a big play , running 59 yards and setting up what would be a Trojans field goal . The USC defense then forced an Arizona turn @-@ over on downs to preserve the victory . Sanchez recovered from his poor first half performance with a strong performance in the second , where he completed 11 of 15 passes for 74 yards and a touchdown while later making a key 10 @-@ yard scramble on third and seven late in the fourth quarter . 
 Initially , uncertainty in Gabrielle 's track led the National Hurricane Center 's five @-@ day track forecast cone to include the Mid @-@ Atlantic , southeastern New York , and southern New England . Forecasters predicted rough surf and rip currents , prompting the Coast Guard to perform preparations in the Northeastern United States . On Cape Cod , Massachusetts , an HU @-@ 25 Falcon jet flew along the coastline , broadcasting storm advisories to offshore vessels . A Coast Guard patrol boat was deployed offshore for search and rescue . Boaters and mariners were advised to exercise caution , and were told to " make safe decisions " . However , the storm passed well to the south with little effect . 
 Music enthusiasts consider the scene in which Susan Alexander Kane attempts to sing the famous cavatina " Una voce poco fa " from Il <unk> di <unk> by Gioachino Rossini with vocal coach Signor <unk> as especially memorable for depicting the horrors of learning music through mistakes . 
 On August 14 , 2013 , Jackson was sentenced to 12 months in federal prison , while her husband was sentenced to 30 months in jail . Judge Berman Jackson said she ’ d let the couple decide who should first serve out their prison term . Court documents also showed she had spent campaign funds on personal items such as vacations , electronics and furs . She was ordered to pay $ 22 @,@ 000 in restitution . 
 Marc Hogan from Spin wrote that the song " flits between fairly vivid first @-@ person details " , while Whitney Phaneuf from HitFix labelled " No Better " a " sexy " track . Eric Danton of Rolling Stone opined that the lyrics of the song are " girlish and knowing " . Writing for Slate , L. V. Anderson shared that " No Better " is reminiscent of some of the best tracks on Pure Heroine , but also " lighter , simpler [ ... ] and more <unk> than most of her debut album " , in spite of its dark theme . " No Better " entered the New Zealand Artists Singles Chart at number seven on 23 December 2013 . It dropped to number nineteen the following week , before falling out of the chart . 
 After the child 's father was allowed to visit him during August and September , two starkly different narratives emerged — one told of a boy who wanted to return to his family and the faith of his ancestors , while the other described a child who had learned the catechism perfectly and wanted his parents to become Christians as well . International protests mounted , but the Pope would not be moved . After pontifical rule in Bologna ended in 1859 , Father Feletti was prosecuted for his role in Mortara 's seizure , but was acquitted when the court decided he had simply followed orders . With the Pope as a substitute father , Mortara trained for the priesthood in Rome until the Kingdom of Italy captured the city in 1870 , ending the Papal States . Leaving the country , he was ordained in France three years later at the age of 21 . Father Mortara spent most of his life outside Italy and died in Belgium in 1940 , aged 88 . 
 " It Only Hurts When I 'm Breathing " is a song co @-@ written and performed by Canadian country music singer @-@ songwriter Shania Twain . The track was composed by Twain and her then @-@ husband Robert John " Mutt " Lange , and produced by Lange . It was released on February 9 , 2004 as the eighth and final single from Twain 's album Up ! , and the fifth to impact the North American market . <unk> to the remainder of Up ! , " It Only Hurts when I 'm Breathing " is a ballad that Twain labeled to be the sole heartbreak song on the album . Musically , it lies within the country pop genre while its lyrics speak of misery . 
 Gary <unk> 's Missouri team was the surprise of the conference in 2006 , having already matched their win total from the previous year . They shared the lead for the Big 12 North division with Nebraska ( who they lost to November 4 in Lincoln ) . The Tigers won their homecoming game against Kansas State 41 – 21 . The Sooners also won their homecoming game against Colorado by a score of 24 – 3 . This was the beginning of a long road stretch for Oklahoma ; they played four of their last five games on the road . This was the 91st meeting between the schools with the Sooners holding the advantage 63 – 23 – 5 . 
 Lower Man . The mountain has two tops , which used to be distinguished as Helvellyn Low Man ( or Lower Man ) and Helvellyn High Man ( or Higher Man ) . Both are drawn and labelled on a panoramic view of the range found in Jonathan Otley 's guidebook of 1823 . 
 After the first eight months of development , game director Cory Barlog left Santa Monica for unexplained reasons and Stig Asmussen ( lead environment artist and art director on God of War and God of War II , respectively ) became director . In an interview with IGN , Asmussen said that Barlog " had a major impact on the game " and although he had left the team , they spoke several times afterwards and " bounced a few ideas off him , " but there was no formal collaboration . He also said that David Jaffe " [ had ] been around the studio a few times " and they " [ had ] gone over some high @-@ level stuff with him to get his observations and feedback . " Early in development when Barlog was still with the team , he expressed interest in a cooperative mode " if we can do something unique with it " . In November 2009 , Asmussen told GamePro that although a multiplayer option had been discussed , it was unsuitable for God of War III : " There 's a story we want to tell and an experience we want to deliver , and multi @-@ player doesn 't fit into that . " By December 2009 , the game was in its final developmental stages . 
 Brugge 's opposition in the semi @-@ finals were German team Hamburg . The first leg , at Hamburg 's home ground the <unk> , ended in a 1 – 1 draw . This gave the advantage to Brugge , as they had an away goal . A 1 – 0 victory in the second leg in Belgium secured a 2 – 1 aggregate victory , which meant Brugge progressed to their first European final . 
 In 2007 , Hanauer teamed up with Hollywood producer Joe Roth to make another bid for MLS expansion into Seattle , at a cost of $ 30 million . Paul Allen , whose First and Goal company operated Qwest Field ( now CenturyLink Field ) , joined the ownership group that same year , making the bid the most promising yet for Seattle . During the first week of November 2007 , rumors began to build that MLS would be announcing an expansion into Seattle the following week , and that the ownership group had taken on a fourth member , TV personality Drew Carey . In a press conference on November 13 , 2007 , it was announced that Seattle had been awarded an expansion team . The announcement marked the return of top @-@ level soccer to Seattle for the first time since the dissolution of its North American Soccer League ( NASL ) team in 1983 . The announcement also meant that the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division would play its final season the year before the new MLS franchise was formed . " Seattle Sounders FC " was announced as the team name on April 7 , 2008 , along with the team logo , colors and badge design , in a presentation held at the Space Needle . The " FC " in the team moniker stands for Football Club , but the team name is officially " Seattle Sounders FC " . 
 At this stage in his career , Smetana 's command of the Czech language was poor . His generation of Czechs was educated in German , and he had difficulty expressing himself in what was supposedly his native tongue . To overcome these linguistic deficiencies he studied Czech grammar , and made a point of writing and speaking in Czech every day . He had become Chorus Master of the nationalistic Hlahol Choral Society soon after his return from Sweden , and as his fluency in the Czech language developed he composed patriotic choruses for the Society ; The Three Riders and The Renegade were performed at concerts in early 1863 . In March of that year Smetana was elected president of the music section of <unk> Beseda , a society for Czech artists . By 1864 he was proficient enough in the Czech language to be appointed as music critic to the main Czech language newspaper <unk> listy . Meanwhile , Bettina had given birth to another daughter , <unk> . 
 The western painted turtle 's northern range includes southern parts of western Canada from Ontario through Manitoba , Saskatchewan , Alberta and British Columbia . In Ontario , the western subspecies is found north of Minnesota and directly north of Lake Superior , but there is a 130 km ( 80 mi ) gap to the east of Lake Superior ( in the area of harshest winter climate ) where no painted turtles of any subspecies occur . Thus Ontario 's western subspecies does not intergrade with the midland painted turtle of southeastern Ontario . In Manitoba , the turtle is numerous and ranges north to Lake Manitoba and the lower part of Lake Winnipeg . The turtle is also common in south Saskatchewan , but in Alberta , there may only be 100 individuals , all found very near the U.S. border , mostly in the southeast . 
 The repairs were abandoned in March 1945 for lack of materials and the ship was moved from the dock to Ebisu Bay , Sasebo on 1 April . Efforts to camouflage the ship began on 23 April and she was reclassified as a guard ship on 20 June . Junyō 's armament was ordered removed on 5 August and the ship was surrendered to the Allies on 2 September . An American technical team evaluated the ship 's condition on 8 October and deemed her a constructive total loss . Junyō was stricken from the Navy List on 30 November and scrapped between 1 June 1946 and 1 August 1947 by the Sasebo Ship Company . 
 Taylor ended his career with 1 @,@ 088 tackles , 132 @.@ 5 sacks ( not counting the 9 @.@ 5 sacks he recorded as a rookie because sacks did not become an official statistic until 1982 ) , nine interceptions , 134 return yards , two touchdowns , 33 forced fumbles , 11 fumble recoveries , and 34 fumble return yards . 
 Twilight sadly returns to the library , preparing to pack and leave Ponyville , when she finds Spike coughing up scroll after scroll . Twilight is surprised to find these to be the friendship report letters that she had previously sent to Celestia , and the memories of her friendships in Ponyville make her regain her color . Inspired by this , she returns to her other four best friends and uses a memory spell to remind them of their friendship , cancelling Discord 's magic and returning them to normal . 
 Subwoofers have been designed using a number of enclosure approaches : bass reflex , acoustic suspension , infinite baffle , horn loaded , tapped horn , transmission line and bandpass . Each enclosure type has advantages and disadvantages in efficiency increase , bass extension , cabinet size , distortion , and cost . Subwoofers are typically constructed by mounting one or more woofers in a cabinet of medium @-@ density fibreboard ( MDF ) , oriented strand board ( OSB ) , plywood , fiberglass , aluminum or other stiff materials . Because of the high air pressure they produce in the cabinet , subwoofer enclosures often require internal bracing to distribute the resulting forces . 
 At least three renovations have occurred , which have expanded , renovated and updated the library . From 1938 – 1939 the new children 's room annex , a Works Progress Administration project , was added at a cost of $ 68 @,@ 400 ( $ 1 @,@ 163 @,@ 618 ) . During this annexation one of a set of Howard Van Doren Shaw townhouses was razed . From 1977 – 1980 a major restorative renovation occurred . Blackstone was rededicated on November 18 , 1980 , in recognition of completion of the three years of work . There was also a 2004 renovation for the centennial . 
 After Croatia launched the Battle of the Barracks to capture JNA facilities in Croatia on 14 – 15 September , the JNA launched a small @-@ scale operation against Vukovar to relieve the city garrison . At the same time , it began large @-@ scale mobilization in preparation for its campaign in Croatia . It was met with widespread refusal of mobilised personnel to report to their designated units , desertions and an overall lack of enthusiasm for the campaign . This resulted in low troop availability , forcing the JNA to deploy fewer infantry units . Response to the mobilisation was particularly poor in Central Serbia , where only 26 percent of those called @-@ up reported for service . 
 In North America , the fruit bodies of the fungus serve as a food source for the rove beetle species <unk> castaneum , the pleasing fungus beetle species <unk> <unk> , and minute tree @-@ fungus beetles , including <unk> laevis . 
 Iván Rodríguez Torres ( born November 27 , 1971 ) , nicknamed " Pudge " or " I @-@ Rod " is a retired Major League Baseball catcher . In his career , he played for the Texas Rangers ( on two different tours , comprising the majority of his career ) , Florida Marlins , Detroit Tigers , New York Yankees , Houston Astros and Washington Nationals . 
 Now possessing three powers , Delsin encounters Hank , who has escaped again . Hank tells Delsin that Fetch and Eugene have been captured by the D.U.P. , and are being held on an artificial concrete island in Puget Sound . However , the situation turns out to be a trap set by Augustine . Reggie appears and rescues Delsin with a rocket launcher . While the brothers free Fetch and Eugene , Augustine encases Reggie 's feet in concrete and blasts them off the platform . As they dangle above the ocean , Reggie realizes that Delsin cannot save both of them , tells him that he is proud of him , and lets Delsin 's hand go and falls to his death . Distraught and enraged , Delsin climbs back up onto the platform and battles Augustine , destroying the entire island . 
 Sudetenland Medal with Clasp ( 7 June 1939 ) 
 Gunner 's Mate Second Class Joseph Tezanos , a native of Santander , Spain , was aboard LST 20 in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , when an explosion on board one of the armada ’ s LSTs set off a chain reaction . Tezanos along with a gang of several other hastily assembled volunteers scrambled on board a rescue boat . Tezanos and his shipmates rescued men from the water in danger of drowning and evacuated others from the burning ships . He was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for " distinguished heroism while serving as a volunteer member of a boat crew engaged in rescue operations during a fire in Pearl Harbor , Oahu , T.H. on 21 May 1944 . Under conditions of great personal danger from fire and explosions and with disregard of his own safety he assisted in the rescuing of approximately 42 survivors some of whom were injured and exhausted from the water and from burning ships . " Tezanos saw action at Kiska , Alaska ; Tarawa Atoll in the Gilbert Islands ; and Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands . Tezanos was sent to New London , Connecticut , at the Coast Guard Academy to take the four @-@ month program , from which he graduated in 1945 , becoming the first known Hispanic American to complete the service ’ s Reserve Officer Training Program and one of the very first Hispanic American officers in the United States Coast Guard . After the war he built a successful career in the international business world . 
 During the English Civil War , the area was occupied in June 1643 , when part of the King 's forces were at Bicester and guarded Blackthorn Bridge . 
 Fagan 's second season in charge was less successful , as Liverpool failed to win trophy for the first time in nine years . The defence of their League championship was all but over in October 1984 when Liverpool were in the relegation places . The club 's form picked up afterwards , but they were unable to catch Everton and finished 13 points behind in second place . Their defence of the Football League Cup ended in the third round and Fagan 's team played no further part in the FA Cup , after defeat to Manchester United at the semi @-@ final . Liverpool did fare better in Europe , reaching their fifth European Cup final . Before the match against Juventus at the Heysel Stadium commenced , Liverpool fans had breached a fence separating the two sets of supporters . As the Juventus fans fled to safety , the accumulation of people against a perimeter wall caused it to collapse , killing 39 fans , most of whom were Italians . The collapse of the wall led to rioting by Juventus fans at the other end of the ground . As a result , the match was delayed by two hours , but was played regardless , as it was feared its abandonment would lead to further violence . Juventus won the final 1 – 0 . 
 Most of the people from Pichilemu are Catholic , as of the 2002 census , 7 @,@ 611 persons ( 83 @.@ 44 % ) , well above the national and regional average ( 69 @.@ 96 % and 79 @.@ 08 % , respectively ) ; the evangelical population is considerably lower , at only 689 people ( 7 @.@ 55 % ) ; 361 ( 3 @.@ 96 % ) said they were Atheists or Agnostic individuals , while the remaining 460 ( 5 @.@ 04 % ) are part of other religions . Based on information from the <unk> survey , twenty @-@ four persons living in Pichilemu declared themselves as <unk> in 2006 , and in 2009 , 390 people said they were part of the Mapuche indigenous ethnic group ; the survey revealed no one living in Pichilemu claimed to be either of the <unk> or of the Rapa Nui indigenous peoples . 
 Rhapsody in Blue ( 1945 ) 
 Skrepenak ran for re @-@ election in the November 6 , 2007 election . Skrepenak ran jointly with County Controller Maryanne <unk> and the pair easily outdistanced the competition in the primary to gain the two nominations . Among the controversies during campaign were the use of debit cards for the commissioners based on a new policy effective September 2005 . Skrepenak 's expenses totalled $ 22 @,@ 139 @.@ 93 , including $ 3 @,@ 743 for gang @-@ related training in Los Angeles , California , $ 524 @.@ 08 for an accounting standards manual and $ 798 @.@ 63 for communications equipment . 
 Maddox wanted to turn Spy into a national magazine rather than build on its legacy of covering stories that centered on New York . According to Maddox , two factors motivated the shift of target market . The magazine 's past objects of satire , the " cheesy villains who anointed themselves as targets " in the 1980s , were no longer on the national stage . Meanwhile , the " sins of the ' 90s [ were ] those of a private , quiet cultivation of a sense of purity " , and were harder to expose or ridicule . 
 The ship was ordered in late 1938 as the fast luxury passenger liner Kashiwara Maru by Nippon Yusen Kaisha ( the Japan Mail Steamship Company ) in late 1938 . In exchange for a 60 % subsidy of her building costs by the Navy Ministry , she was designed to be converted to an auxiliary aircraft carrier , one of 10 such ships subsidized by the IJN . 
 By the end of the 1927 English cricket season , Yorkshire had had a succession of short @-@ term captains . Generally , these men were neither sufficiently good players nor leaders to merit a position in the team , but Yorkshire 's side was strong enough to include them in the interest of maintaining amateur leadership . Tactically , Yorkshire 's success came not from the captain but from the influence of leading professionals Wilfred Rhodes and Emmott Robinson . The captain 's primary role was the enforcement of discipline : maintaining an amicable attitude within the team during games and ensuring that umpires and opponents were respected . In the early 1920s , Yorkshire had been undisciplined on the field ; cricket correspondent Jim Kilburn wrote that they were in danger of becoming " social outcasts " , and E. W. Swanton commented that Yorkshire 's hostile attitude when fielding looked likely to jeopardise their relations with other teams . Matters came to a head in a match against Middlesex in 1924 at Sheffield . The crowd became very antagonistic and a Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) enquiry found that a Yorkshire player had incited the unrest . Further incidents against Surrey that season led the captain Geoffrey Wilson to resign , though he led the team to the County Championship in each of his three years in charge . His resignation was possibly prompted by the Yorkshire president , Lord Hawke , but Wilson did not like the belligerent nature of the team and found it difficult to handle Rhodes . 
 Bangui was founded by Albert <unk> and Alfred <unk> on June 26 , 1889 , in what was then the upper reaches of the French Congo , the present @-@ day Congo ( Brazzaville ) . The original site was 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) south of the Ubangi rapids . Its territory was organized first into the territory of the Upper Ubangi ( Haut @-@ Oubangui ) and then as the separate colony of Ubangi @-@ Shari . The initial capitals of these areas were at les <unk> and Fort de <unk> further upstream , but the rapids at Bangui blocked them from direct communication along the river and caused the settlement there to grow in importance until , in 1906 , it was chosen as the new headquarters for the French administration . Bangui retained its importance as a military and administrative centre when the colony was folded into French Equatorial Africa and under both Vichy and Free French control during World War II . The French operated a radio transmitter in Bangui , which was described in 1932 as " the most remote radio station in Africa " . 
 Flags produced between 1877 and 1882 differ slightly from the preceding ones . On 17 July 1877 , just ten units created after 1874 received this design , at the <unk> army headquarters . On this occasion , Prince Carol addressed the following words to his troops : “ In giving you the corps ’ flag , I entrust the honor of Romania , which I thus place under the shield of courage , to your devotion and self @-@ denial . For the first time the solemn occasion arises where you receive the flag on the day before going onto the field of honor ; seek to crown it with an undying glory . Never forget that the flag is the symbol of the fatherland ... ” 
 Part of me would like to be accepted by all facets of society and not be this <unk> lunatic poet / musician . But I cannot be what I am not ... I was the one who all the other boys ' parents — including Paul 's father — would say , ' Keep away from him ' ... The parents instinctively recognised I was a troublemaker , meaning I did not conform and I would influence their children , which I did . I did my best to disrupt every friend 's home ... Partly out of envy that I didn 't have this so @-@ called home ... but I did ... There were five women that were my family . Five strong , intelligent , beautiful women , five sisters . One happened to be my mother . [ She ] just couldn 't deal with life . She was the youngest and she had a husband who ran away to sea and the war was on and she couldn 't cope with me , and I ended up living with her elder sister . Now those women were fantastic ... And that was my first feminist education ... I would infiltrate the other boys minds . I could say , " Parents are not gods because I don 't live with mine and , therefore , I <unk> 
 the 5th Mountain Artillery Battery , deployed in the villages of <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Lokve 
 Niki Payne of the Philadelphia Examiner said " Eat , Pray , Queef " was " probably one of my all @-@ time favorite episodes of South Park right now " because it was so on point concerning the double standards between men and women . She particularly praised the scene in which Stan and Randy are disgusted and uncomfortable when Stan 's mom and sister started queefing at the dinner table . Carlos Delgado of If Magazine said the episode was " shocking , disgusting and obscenely funny " and demonstrated South Park 's ability to tackle any type of issue " in a uniquely South Park manner " . He particularly enjoyed the Martha Stewart segment , which he described as " just haunting " . Josh Modell of The A.V. Club gave the episode a B grade . Modell said the Katie and Katherine cartoon was particularly funny , but queefing was referred to in so many jokes that it became a bit tired by the end . 
 Morrison 's 35th studio album , Duets : Re @-@ working the Catalogue was released on 24 March 2015 on the RCA record label . 
 The series underwent further changes during the months leading up to and following its debut . A May 2006 press release mentioned that sketches from The Girlie Show would be made available in their entirety on NBC 's broadband website , <unk> The idea was to air the fictitious TGS with Tracy Jordan online . This aspect of the series was abandoned prior to its debut . 
 21st SS Freiwilligen Signals Battalion ( three companies ) 
 American critics were sent screener DVDs of " The Beginning of the End " and " Confirmed Dead " on January 28 , 2008 . Metacritic gave the episode a Metascore — a weighted average based on the impressions of a select twelve critical reviews — of 87 . Robert Bianco of USA Today wrote that " returning with a heart @-@ stopping , perfectly pitched episode ... Lost is an oasis in a strike @-@ parched TV desert . " Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times described " The Beginning of the End " as an " emotion @-@ churning chemical dump right in the old brain stem — horror , hysteria , regret , adrenaline and what ... will happen next ? " Adam Buckman of the New York Post gave the episode four out of four stars . Maureen Ryan of the Chicago Tribune " blissfully enjoyed every minute " and noted that " there aren 't any faults " . Diane Werts of Newsday raved the episode as " superb " and " insanely entertain [ ing ] " and concluded her review with " Lost seems to have found itself " . Tim Goodman of the San Francisco Chronicle declared that it and " Confirmed Dead " " are roller coasters of fast action and revelation [ that are ] good to see " . Matthew Gilbert of The Boston Globe pointed out that " Lost can still make the pulse race and the brain tingle ... [ and ] remains TV 's most gripping serial " . Alan Sepinwall of The Star @-@ Ledger was unsure " if Lost is ever going to give satisfying answers to its many , many remaining mysteries ... but when it 's as scary and hilarious and moving and exciting as these two episodes , I 'm okay with that . " In less positive reviews , Rodney Ho of The Atlanta Journal @-@ Constitution called it " a satisfactory return episode with a fair share of drama and pathos ... [ that ] provides just enough revelations to keep fans hungry for more " and David Hinckley of the Daily News rated the episode with three stars out of a possible five . 
 NWSL Player of the Week : 2013 
 Roseville Tower was the interlocking tower at street @-@ level in Roseville that handled the nearby fork of the three lines ( Montclair , Morristown and Gladstone ) . The tower was used on limited services , with only three different shifts , two of which were manned . The tower was run from 5 a.m. in the morning to 10 p.m. in the evening manned . The rest of the time , the tower was set on automatic . 
 The cathedral is the seat of the Church of England Diocese of Bath and Wells . Wells has been an ecclesiastical city of importance since at least the early 8th century . Parts of the building date back to the tenth century , and it is a grade I listed building . It is known for its fine fan vaulted ceilings , Lady Chapel and windows , and the scissor arches which support the central tower . The west front is said to be the finest collection of statuary in Europe , retaining almost 300 of its original medieval statues , carved from the cathedral 's warm , yellow Doulting stone . The Chapter House , at the top of a flight of stone stairs , leading out from the north transept is an octagonal building with a fan @-@ vaulted ceiling . It is here that the business of running the cathedral is still conducted by the members of the Chapter , the cathedral 's ruling body . Wells Cathedral clock is famous for its 24 @-@ hour astronomical dial and set of jousting knights that perform every quarter @-@ hour . The cathedral has the heaviest ring of ten bells in the world . The tenor bell weighs just over 56 <unk> ( 6 @,@ 272 lb , 2 @,@ 844 kg ) . 
 The highest transfer fee received for a Hull City player is £ 12 @.@ 5 million from Southampton for Shane Long . The highest transfer fee paid for a player is for Abel Hernández from Italian side Palermo , for a fee reported to be approximately £ 9 @.@ 5 million . 
 The town has over 1 @,@ 000 years of religious and military history , including a monastery in the 10th century and Taunton Castle which has origins in the Anglo Saxon period and was later the site of a priory . The Normans then built a stone structured castle , which belonged to the Bishops of Winchester . The current heavily reconstructed buildings are the inner ward , which now houses the Museum of Somerset and the Somerset Military Museum . The town is undergoing a regeneration project with redevelopment of the town centre . It has various transport links which support its central role in economy and commerce . These have included the Grand Western Canal which reached Taunton in 1839 and arrival of the railway in 1842 . It is the county town of Somerset . 
 Following the French Revolution in 1789 , a political organisation was formed in Ireland named the Society of United Irishmen . Crossing social and religious boundaries , this organisation embraced republican principles with the stated goal of removing British government control from Ireland . When Britain went to war with the French Republic in 1793 , the organisation was declared illegal and driven under cover , many of its senior members going into exile in Europe or America . These men continued to call for armed resistance to the British government , and in 1796 persuaded the French Directory to launch the Expédition d 'Irlande , a large scale invasion of Ireland . The expedition was a disaster , with thousands of French soldiers drowned without a single man successfully landed . Subsequently the French @-@ controlled government of the Batavian Republic , formerly the Dutch Republic , was persuaded to make an attempt on Ireland in October 1797 , but their fleet was intercepted and defeated by Admiral Adam Duncan at the Battle of Camperdown . 
 The historian Ian Wood has suggested that Mellitus ' journey through Gaul probably took in the bishoprics of Vienne , Arles , Lyons , Toulon , Marseilles , Metz , Paris , and Rouen , as evidenced by the letters that Gregory addressed to those bishops soliciting their support for Mellitus ' party . Gregory also wrote to the Frankish kings Chlothar II , Theuderic II , Theudebert II , along with <unk> of Austrasia , who was Theudebert and Theuderic 's grandmother and regent . Wood feels that this wide appeal to the Frankish episcopate and royalty was an effort to secure more support for the Gregorian mission . While on his journey to England , Mellitus received a letter from Gregory allowing Augustine to convert pagan temples to Christian churches , and to convert pagan animal sacrifices into Christian feasts , to ease the transition to Christianity . Gregory 's letter marked a sea change in the missionary strategy , and was later included in Bede 's Ecclesiastical History of the English People . Usually known as the Epistola ad Mellitum , it conflicts with the letter sent to Æthelberht , which the historian R. A. Markus sees as a turning point in missionary history , when forcible conversion gave way to persuasion . This traditional view , that the Epistola represents a contradiction of the letter to Æthelberht , has been challenged by the historian and theologian George <unk> , who argues that the letter to Æthelberht was mainly meant to encourage the King in spiritual matters , while the Epistola was sent to deal with purely practical matters , and thus the two do not contradict each other . 
 It has been suggested that when more white women began working , the advantages of black women from unmeasured differences in labor force attachment disappeared , revealing a racial wage gap . While an overall wage gap appeared between black and white women , by 1980 , the earnings of black women with college degrees surpassed those of white women with college degrees . An understanding of the earnings of black women has recently become recognized as an important area of research due to role that black women traditionally have in terms of family income : black married couples typically have relied more on women 's earnings than other races and the percentage of single @-@ parent , female @-@ maintained families is highest among the black population . 
 According to legend , establishment of the church of Finland was entirely the work of the saint @-@ king Eric of Sweden , assisted by the bishop from the most important diocese in the country . The first half of the legend describes how the king and the bishop ruled Sweden like ' two great lights ' with feelings of ' internal love ' toward each other , emphasizing the peaceful coexistence of the secular and ecclesiastical rule during a happy era when ' predatory wolves ' could not hit their ' poisonous teeth against the innocent ' . The reality was quite different – Eric 's predecessor , Eric himself and two of his successors were all murdered almost within a decade , one of the bloodiest times for the Swedish royalty . In the 1150s , the Bishop of Uppsala was also in a bitter fight with the Bishop of Linköping over which see would become archiepiscopal . The crusade itself is described as a brief and bloodless event that was only performed to bring the " blind and evil heathen people of Finland " under Christian order . 
 Bonnie Hunt as Sally Carrera , a 2002 996 @-@ series Porsche 911 Carrera . 
 The Steelers notified the Pittsburgh Stadium Authority in December 2010 of their intention to add up to 4 @,@ 000 seats to the lower southern end of the stadium . The plan would increase seating up to 69 @,@ 050 as soon as the 2012 NFL season . Seating was added in that section for the 2011 NHL Winter Classic which had an attendance of 68 @,@ 111 . The temporary seating was left in place for the 2010 – 11 NFL playoffs , with the AFC Championship game on January 23 having a record attendance of 66 @,@ 662 . 
 In larger lek groups there is less risk of predation . In a group there are more individuals to alert the group about an approaching predator . All the birds in the groups will be vigilant in looking for a predator because there is an advantage to seeing the predator first . There is also the risk that in a bigger group there will more false alarm signals . The common signal is vocalization , after which the birds will fly up into the trees . It was found the birds did not however give this signal when there was a snake . 
 Chamunda ( Sanskrit : <unk> ् <unk> , <unk> ; Kannada : <unk> ) , also known as Chamundi , Chamundeshwari ( <unk> ್ <unk> ) and Charchika , is a fearsome aspect of Devi , the Hindu Divine Mother and one of the seven Matrikas ( mother goddesses ) . She is also one of the chief Yoginis , a group of sixty @-@ four or eighty @-@ one Tantric goddesses , who are attendants of the warrior goddess Durga . The name is a combination of Chanda and Munda , two monsters whom Chamunda killed . She is closely associated with Kali , another fierce aspect of Devi . She is sometimes identified with goddesses Parvati , Chandi or Durga as well . The goddess is often portrayed as haunting cremation grounds or fig trees . The goddess is worshipped by ritual animal sacrifices along with offerings of wine and in the ancient times , human sacrifices were offered too . As the times have changed , meat , and wine are no longer offered . As of today it has been known that animal sacrifices have been discouraged by texts such as the Ramayan . Originally Devi Chamunda was discovered in Hinduism and later entered the Jain pantheon too . Though in Jainism , the rites of her worship include vegetarian offerings , and not the meat and liquor offerings . 
 Hummer also earned Associated Press honorable mention All @-@ American recognition . 
 " Still Into You " is a song by the American rock band Paramore . It was released on March 14 , 2013 , as the second single from their self @-@ titled fourth studio album , Paramore . Recorded in 2012 in Los Angeles , California , " Still Into You " is a departure from the sound of their previous single , " Now " , and incorporates a lighter pop rock sound , while being described as " sweet " and " sugary " . 
 Once the Trust took ownership , scaffolding was placed in the hallway to repair the roof lantern . While this was in place the architectural paint analyst Lisa <unk> was able to examine the decorative scheme that had been used in the spaces and room frequented by the public . Three principal phases were identified : 1860s original ; 1870s updates and adaptions ; 1887 – 90 redecoration , which returned the main spaces to the original green colours and motifs created by Crace . Once lantern repairs were complete , the Trust replaced the elderly <unk> carpet destroyed by contractors working for Christie 's with a new Wilton carpet with a replica design by Linney Cooper , bought with £ 45 @,@ 000 from public lottery donations . 
 Made on a modest budget , Waiting was produced by Priti Gupta of Ishka Films and Manish Mundra of Drishyam Films . The film was directed by Anu Menon , her second directorial after romantic comedy London , Paris , New York ( 2012 ) . Menon also co @-@ wrote the script along with James Ruzicka . The director of photography for the film was the cinematographer Neha Parti <unk> , who had been previously associated with films including My Name is Khan and <unk> Pagla Deewana among others . The film 's dialogue was written by <unk> Chohan , and <unk> <unk> essayed the role of the film 's production designer . 
 Barbarian II : The Dungeon of Drax is an action video game released in 1988 for various personal computer platforms , such as Commodore 64 and MS @-@ DOS . It is the sequel to Barbarian : The Ultimate Warrior ( released in 1987 ) , which offers sword fighting action to one or two players . Unlike its predecessor , Barbarian II features only a single @-@ player mode , in which the player assumes the role of either sword @-@ wielding Princess Mariana or the titular savage , who is armed with a battleaxe . Their common quest is to pursue the evil wizard Drax , who has fled to his dungeon hideout after his defeat in the first game . The player characters battle their way through an inhospitable wasteland , a system of caves , and a dungeon before facing Drax in his inner sanctum for a showdown . 
 M @-@ 41 was the designation of a former state trunkline highway in the Lower Peninsula of the US state of Michigan that began near Holton and ran north- and northwest @-@ ward , ending at Hart . The highway was created by 1919 and lasted until 1926 . The designation has not been reused since . 
 9 @.@ 4 litres : Available in aluminium , 232 bar , used for back gas or as slings 
 Higgins ' song writing grew out of a desire to express her emotions when she was at school and her lyrics describe her feelings about her own life and relationships . The piano was the first instrument she learned to play , and she continues to use it as well as digital pianos including a Roland RD @-@ <unk> , RD @-@ 700 and KR @-@ 15 . She also uses guitars extensively in her music particularly when touring , due to their portable nature and favours the Australian brand , <unk> . On occasion she plays keytar , xylophone and melodica during performances . 
 The United Kingdom law relating to moral rights has been repeatedly criticised , primarily for failing to entirely comply with the Berne Convention . Bently and Sherman point out that the right to object to derogatory treatment uses a far narrower definition of treatment than the Convention , which merely requires that the author be able to object to " any ... derogatory action " without limitation . <unk> notes a " grudging attitude toward moral rights , at least if the expression given these rights in [ the 1988 Act ] is any testament " . Article 5 ( 2 ) of the Berne Convention requires that the exercise of authors ' moral rights " shall not be subject to any formality " , while the right to attribution requires that the author assert ownership in writing , and is not available to authors by default . In addition , the exclusion of things such as encyclopedias , computer programs and typefaces is " out of step with international practise " . 
 Lands of Lore 2 ( Westwood Studios , 1997 ) 
 The Supreme Court also decided whether foreign corporations are also within the jurisdiction of a state , ruling that a foreign corporation which sued in a state court in which it was not licensed to do business to recover possession of property wrongfully taken from it in another state was within the jurisdiction and could not be subjected to unequal burdens in the maintenance of the suit . When a state has admitted a foreign corporation to do business within its borders , that corporation is entitled to equal protection of the laws but not necessarily to identical treatment with domestic corporations . 
 " Li 'l Sebastian " received highly positive reviews . Steve Heisler of The A.V. Club called it the best Parks and Recreation episode so far , and compared the cliffhanger and " many of the bittersweet moments leading to it " to the comedy series Freaks and Geeks . James Poniewozik of Time magazine strongly praised " Li 'l Sebastian " , and called it one of the best episodes of the season . He said Li 'l Sebastian 's funeral brought out the best in the characters , and that the episode " combined slapstick , authentic stakes and a holistic picture of the oddball history and commonalities that bond the folks we 've come to know in Pawnee " . Henry Hanks of CNN called it " one of the funniest half @-@ hours of any show this season " , and compared the Li 'l Sebastian funeral to the funeral scenes in the Mary Tyler Moore Show episode " Chuckles Bites the Dust " . The Atlantic writer Scott Meslow called the episode a " triumphant exclamation point at the end of Parks and Recreation 's third season " , and described every moment as " uproariously funny " . Meslow particularly praised the twists and major character developments of the final 10 minutes , and said it demonstrates how much the show and characters have changed since the series debuted . 
 The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland ( RZSS ) was founded as a registered charity in 1909 by an Edinburgh lawyer , Thomas Hailing Gillespie . The Corstorphine Hill site was purchased by the Society with help from the Edinburgh Town Council in early 1913 . Gillespie 's vision of what a zoological park should be was modelled after the ' open design ' of Tierpark Hagenbeck in Hamburg , a zoo which promoted a more spacious and natural environment for the animals , and stood in stark contrast to the steel cages typical of the menageries built during the Victorian era . The Scottish National Zoological Park was opened to the public in 1913 and was incorporated by Royal Charter later that year . In 1948 , following a visit by His Majesty King George VI , the Society was granted the privilege of adding the prefix ' Royal ' to its name . It remains the only zoo with a Royal Charter in the United Kingdom . 
 Little Moreton Hall , also known as Old Moreton Hall , is a moated half @-@ timbered manor house 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) southwest of Congleton in Cheshire , England . The earliest parts of the house were built for the prosperous Cheshire landowner William Moreton in about 1504 – 08 , and the remainder was constructed in stages by successive generations of the family until about 1610 . The building is highly irregular , with three asymmetrical ranges forming a small , rectangular cobbled courtyard . A National Trust guidebook describes Little Moreton Hall as being " lifted straight from a fairy story , a gingerbread house " . The house 's top @-@ heavy appearance , " like a stranded Noah 's Ark " , is due to the Long Gallery that runs the length of the south range 's upper floor . 
 Stephen A. Douglas ( D ) , the chair of the Senate Committee on Territories , drafted the bill authorizing Minnesota Territory . He had envisioned a future for the upper Mississippi valley , so he was motivated to keep the area from being carved up by neighboring territories . In 1846 , he prevented Iowa from including Fort Snelling and Saint Anthony Falls within its northern border . In 1847 , he kept the organizers of Wisconsin from including Saint Paul and Saint Anthony Falls . The Minnesota Territory was established from the lands remaining from Iowa Territory and Wisconsin Territory on March 3 , 1849 . The Minnesota Territory extended far into what is now North Dakota and South Dakota , to the Missouri River . There was a dispute over the shape of the state to be carved out of Minnesota Territory . An alternate proposal that was only narrowly defeated would have made the 46th parallel the state 's northern border and the Missouri River its western border , thus giving up the whole northern half of the state in exchange for the eastern half of what later became South Dakota . 
 Various breakdowns of the Elektron oxygen @-@ generating system were a concern ; they led crews to become increasingly reliant on the backup Vika solid @-@ fuel oxygen generator ( SFOG ) systems , which led to a fire during the handover between EO @-@ 22 and EO @-@ 23 . ( see also ISS ECLSS ) 
 Larry <unk> – Assistant Engineer 
 In his last season in the major leagues , he played for the Spiders , widely considered to be one of the worst teams in MLB history . After his baseball career , he returned to his hometown of Ashland . He worked for the area coal mines as a brewery wagon driver and carpenter , and died there at 62 years of age . 
 30Zn → 278 
 The Boeing B @-@ 52 Stratofortress is a long @-@ range , subsonic , jet @-@ powered strategic bomber . The B @-@ 52 was designed and built by Boeing , which has continued to provide support and upgrades . It has been operated by the United States Air Force ( USAF ) since the 1950s . The bomber is capable of carrying up to 70 @,@ 000 pounds ( 32 @,@ 000 kg ) of weapons , and has a typical combat range of more than 8 @,@ 800 miles ( 14 @,@ 080 km ) without aerial refueling . 
 where H0 is the present @-@ day Hubble constant , and z is the redshift . 
 The mountain facade , the Yeti audio @-@ animatronic , and the roller coaster are three independent structures . Each structure reaches the ground @-@ level and does not touch the other two structures . This was achieved via 4 @-@ D scheduling software that told builders how to construct it . 
 Before the establishment of the modern Greek nation @-@ state , the link between ancient and modern Greeks was emphasized by the scholars of Greek Enlightenment especially by Rigas Feraios . In his " Political Constitution " , he addresses to the nation as " the people descendant of the Greeks " . The modern Greek state was created in 1829 , when the Greeks liberated a part of their historic homelands , Peloponnese , from the Ottoman Empire . The large Greek diaspora and merchant class were instrumental in transmitting the ideas of western romantic nationalism and <unk> , which together with the conception of Hellenism , formulated during the last centuries of the Byzantine Empire , formed the basis of the Diafotismos and the current conception of Hellenism . 
 The current stellar classification system originated in the early 20th century , when stars were classified from A to Q based on the strength of the hydrogen line . It thought that the hydrogen line strength was a simple linear function of temperature . Rather , it was more complicated ; it strengthened with increasing temperature , it peaked near 9000 K , and then declined at greater temperatures . When the classifications were reordered by temperature , it more closely resembled the modern scheme . 
 Tolkien had been writing The Lord of the Rings for several years when Saruman came into existence as the solution to a long @-@ unresolved plot development , and his role and characteristics continued to emerge in the course of writing . Tolkien started work on the book in late 1937 , but was initially unsure of how the story would develop . Unlike some of the other characters in the book , Saruman had not appeared in Tolkien 's 1937 novel , The Hobbit , or in his then @-@ unpublished Quenta Silmarillion and related mythology , which date back to 1917 . [ a ] When he wrote of Gandalf ’ s failure to meet Frodo , Tolkien did not know what had caused it and later said : " Most disquieting of all , Saruman had never been revealed to me , and I was as concerned as Frodo at Gandalf 's failure to appear . " Tolkien 's son , Christopher , has said that the early stages of the creation of The Lord of the Rings proceeded in a series of waves , and that having produced the first half of The Fellowship of the Ring , Tolkien rewrote the tale from the start three times . Saruman first appeared during a fourth phase of writing in a rough narrative outline dated August 1940 . Intended to account for Gandalf 's absence , it describes how a wizard titled " <unk> the White " or " <unk> the Grey " , who has fallen under the influence of Sauron , lures Gandalf to his stronghold and traps him . The full story of Saruman 's betrayal was later added to the existing chapters . 
 In deposit , the spores are white . Spores are cylindrical , smooth , hyaline ( translucent ) , inamyloid , and measure 9 – 12 by 3 – 3 @.@ 5 µm . Pycnoporellus alboluteus has a monomitic hyphal system , meaning it is made of generative hyphae , which are thin @-@ walled , branched , and narrow . Hyphae in the flesh layer are <unk> to thick @-@ walled , frequently branched , and measure 2 – 10 µm in diameter , while those of the pores are roughly similar in morphology , but measure 3 – 5 µm . Both forms have a thin <unk> on their walls that gives them a rough appearance when viewed with a light microscope . The hymenium ( spore @-@ bearing tissue layer ) is 40 – 60 µm thick , and has abundant cystidia , which are hyaline , and measure 7 – 9 µm in diameter . They are cylindrical , thin @-@ walled to moderately thick @-@ walled , hyaline , have a septum at the base , and measure 60 – 120 by 5 – 10 µm . The basidia ( spore @-@ bearing cells ) are club @-@ shaped , four @-@ spored , and have dimensions of 25 – 35 by 6 – 7 µm . 
 Alarmed by the fact that the campgrounds could easily be seen from across the Sava , in late 1943 , the new German ambassador to Serbia proposed that the camp be moved deeper into NDH territory , because its " [ continuing existence ] before the eyes of the people of Belgrade was politically intolerable for reasons of public feeling . " His requests were ignored by German authorities . By the end of 1943 , the Germans made an effort to erase all traces of the atrocities committed in the camp by burning records , incinerating corpses , and destroying other pieces of evidence . This task was undertaken by SS @-@ Standartenführer Paul Blobel , who arrived in Belgrade in November 1943 . Upon arrival , he ordered the head of the local Gestapo , SS @-@ Sturmbannführer Bruno Sattler , to form a special detachment that was to be responsible for the exhumation and burning of bodies . The detachment was led by Lieutenant Erich Grunwald , and composed of ten security policemen and 48 military policemen . The digging battalions were composed of 100 Serbian and Jewish prisoners . Exhumations occurred from December 1943 to April 1944 , and thousands of bodies were burned . All of the prisoners who were present during the exhumations were shot , except for three Serbs who managed to escape . Allied aircraft bombed Sajmište in April 1944 , killing many inmates and inflicting heavy damage on the camp itself . On 17 May 1944 , the Germans transferred control of the camp over to the NDH . The camp was closed that July . 
 Hershberger , W ( 1970 ) . " Attached @-@ shadow orientation perceived as depth by chickens reared in an environment illuminated from below " . J. Comp . <unk> . <unk> 73 : 407 – 411 @.@ doi : 10 @.@ 1037 / <unk> . 
 It was his substantial and original Concerto for Orchestra of 1954 that established Lutosławski as an important composer of art music . The work , commissioned in 1950 by the conductor Witold <unk> for the newly reconstituted Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra , earned the composer two state prizes in the following year . 
 Capital , Volume III ( posthumously published by Engels ) , 1894 
 Common responses include : pupil dilation ( 93 % ) ; changes in heart rate ( 100 % ) , including increases ( 56 % ) , decreases ( 13 % ) , and variable responses ( 31 % ) ; changes in blood pressure ( 84 % ) , including hypotension ( 34 % ) , hypertension ( 28 % ) , and general instability ( 22 % ) ; changes in stretch reflex ( 86 % ) , including increases ( 80 % ) and decreases ( 6 % ) ; nausea ( 44 % ) ; tremor ( 25 % ) ; and <unk> ( 16 % ) ( inability to properly direct or limit motions ) . The temporary increases in blood pressure caused by the drug can be a risk factor for users with pre @-@ existing hypertension . These qualitative somatic effects caused by psilocybin have been corroborated by several early clinical studies . A 2005 magazine survey of club goers in the UK found that nausea or vomiting was experienced by over a quarter of those who had used hallucinogenic mushrooms in the last year , although this effect is caused by the mushroom rather than psilocybin itself . In one study , administration of gradually increasing dosages of psilocybin daily for 21 days had no measurable effect on electrolyte levels , blood sugar levels , or liver toxicity tests . 
 Before his execution , Riel was reconciled with the Catholic Church , and assigned Father André as his spiritual advisor . He was also given writing materials so that he could employ his time in prison to write a book . Louis Riel was hanged for treason on 16 November 1885 at the North West Mounted Police barracks in Regina . 
 Large , who studied HIAG extensively , stated in 1987 that HIAG 's anti @-@ democratic and anti @-@ Semitic public statements were " the essence of what HIAG was all about " , concluding that the HIAG 's leaders remained true to their Nazi ideology . Similarly , the historian Karsten Wilke , who worked with the HIAG archives in the 2000s , discovered that the HIAG members ' positions were " consistently racist , anti @-@ Semitic and anti @-@ democratic " , as the German news magazine Der Spiegel described in its 2011 investigative article " The Brown Bluff : How Waffen SS Veterans Exploited Postwar Politics " . Referencing Wilke 's work , Der Spiegel quoted a HIAG member 's letter to the leadership conveying the dismay at " Jews " who became " powerful once again " and could thus stand in the way of political support for the Waffen @-@ SS rehabilitation . Spiegel also reported Wilke 's findings that the HIAG leadership maintained close contacts with far @-@ right groups . 
 The larger of the two valleys , the Rhondda Fawr , extends from Porth and rises through the valley until it reaches Blaenrhondda , near Treherbert . The settlements that make up the Rhondda Fawr are as follows : 
 For most conspicuous bravery when with a Lewis gun accompanying the first wave of the assault he encountered an enemy party sniping the advancing troops from a shell @-@ hole . 
 The large size of Deinosuchus has generally been recognized despite the fragmentary nature of the fossils assigned to it . However , estimates of how large it really was have varied considerably over the years . The original estimate from 1954 for the type specimen of the then @-@ named " Phobosuchus riograndensis " were based on a skull of 1 @.@ 5 m ( 4 @.@ 9 ft ) and a lower jaw of 1 @.@ 8 m ( 5 @.@ 9 ft ) long , reconstructed with similar proportions to the Cuban crocodile giving a total estimated length of 15 m ( 49 ft ) . However , this reconstruction is currently considered to be inaccurate . Using more complete remains , it was estimated in 1999 that the size attained by specimens of Deinosuchus varied from 8 to 10 m ( 26 to 33 ft ) with weights from 2 @.@ 5 to 5 t ( 2 @.@ 8 to 5 @.@ 5 short tons ) . This was later corroborated when it was noted that most known specimens of D. rugosus usually had skulls of about 1 m ( 3 @.@ 3 ft ) with estimated total lengths of 8 m ( 26 ft ) and weights of 2 @.@ 3 t ( 2 @.@ 5 short tons ) . A reasonably well @-@ preserved skull specimen discovered in Texas indicated the animal 's head measured about 1 @.@ 31 m ( 4 @.@ 3 ft ) , and its body length was estimated at 9 @.@ 8 m ( 32 ft ) . However , the largest fragmentary remains of D. riograndensis were 1 @.@ 5 times the size of those of the average D. rugosus and it was determined that the largest individuals of this species may have been up to 12 m ( 39 ft ) in length and perhaps weighed as much as 8 @.@ 5 t ( 9 @.@ 4 short tons ) . 
 Pope John XXII , elected in 1316 , sought Edward 's support for a new crusade , and was also inclined to support him politically . In 1317 , in exchange for papal support in his war with Scotland , Edward agreed to recommence paying the annual Papal tribute , which had been first agreed by King John in 1213 ; Edward soon ceased the payments , however , and the King never offered his homage , another part of the 1213 agreement . In 1325 Edward asked Pope John to instruct the Irish Church to openly preach in favour of his right to rule the island , and to threaten to excommunicate any contrary voices . 
 The site approves ReMixes based on standards and guidelines encouraging arrangement creativity and capable production quality . Throughout the years , more than 150 works have been removed after initially being admitted , generally due to stricter enforcement of the site 's standards after the admission of the work . A common violation is a " MIDI rip " , which involves obtaining a MIDI transcription of the source material , making minor modifications to it , and passing it off as one 's own work . Other violations include stolen or unoriginal recordings , cover versions , arrangements which differ so far from the source material as to be unrecognizable , and obvious sub @-@ par execution . The website currently hosts several digital albums which arrange entire game soundtracks , created through community collaboration , with new albums added periodically . The site also maintains a database of the skills of members of its community to encourage artist collaboration . Lloyd and other staff also conduct interviews with prolific ReMixers , video game music composers and celebrities about video game music creation . 
 In the late 1990s , Lochaber Mountain Rescue Team erected two posts on the summit plateau , to assist walkers attempting the descent in foggy conditions . These posts were subsequently cut down by climbers , sparking controversy in mountaineering circles on the ethics of such additions . Critics argued that cairns and posts are an unnecessary man @-@ made intrusion into the natural landscape , which create a false sense of security and could lessen mountaineers ' sense of responsibility for their own safety . Supporters of navigational aids pointed to the high number of accidents that occurred on the mountain ( between 1990 and 1995 alone there were 13 fatalities , although eight of these were due to falls while rock climbing rather than navigational error ) , the long tradition of placing such aids on the summit , and the potentially life @-@ saving role they could play . A series of solidly @-@ constructed cairns currently ( September 2009 ) marks the upper reaches of the Pony Track . 
 In his 1980 autobiography , I , Me , Mine , Harrison describes the lyrics to " Run of the Mill " as " the first song I ever wrote that looked like a poem on paper " . The words run in a continuum , uninterrupted by instrumental breaks of any kind . The opening verse outlines what theologian Dale Allison terms " a statement of responsibility " : 
 Johnson took an active part in the Democratic gubernatorial primary in 1943 . Among the candidates were Ben Kilgore , Rodes K. Myers , and J. Lyter Donaldson . Myers was Johnson 's lieutenant governor , but he had turned on the administration . Johnson called him a carpetbagger from North Carolina , " a political adventurer " , and " a phony farmer " . He also ridiculed Kilgore , who had strong support from the Louisville Courier @-@ Journal , the Rural Electric Association , and the Farm Bureau , by calling him a " Casanova " . Donaldson , Johnson 's former campaign manager , secured his support and the Democratic nomination . He was defeated in the general election by Republican Simeon Willis . 
 Given its mythical connection with sailing and orchids , the name Pleione is often associated with grace , speed and elegance . Some of the finest designs in racing yachts have the name Pleione , and the recent Shanghai Oriental Art Center draws its inspiration from an orchid . Fat Jon in his new album Hundred Eight Stars has a prismatic track dedicated to 28 Tauri . 
 Nor what soft incense hangs upon the boughs , 
 Game Informer ' Andrew Reiner said the game 's mechanics are more fluid than the first game 's , and praised the textures and animations as " among this generation 's best " . GamePro 's Mitch Dyer and Matthew Keast of GamesRadar highlighted the game 's variety of lightsaber crystals and their ability to boost Starkiller 's powers . Keast observed that LucasArts seemed to take player feedback from the first game seriously , and made numerous subtle improvements for the <unk> he also praised " substantial " improvements to the Force grip power , although Alexander Sliwinski of Eurogamer did not detect any improvements . The Writers Guild of America nominated the game for its Outstanding Achievement in Video Game Writing recognition . 
 Shortly after the surrender of Oribe , the Allied forces split into two groups , the plan being for one force to maneuver upriver and sweep down on Buenos Aires from Santa Fe , while the other would make a landing at the port of Buenos Aires itself . The first of these groups , was composed of Uruguayan and Argentine troops , along with the 1st Division of the Brazilian Army under Brigadier General Manuel Marques de Sousa ( later the Count of Porto Alegre ) . It was initially based in the town of Colonia del Sacramento in the south of Uruguay across the Río de la Plata estuary from the city of Buenos Aires . 
 Acquacotta con funghi is an <unk> soup variation that uses porcini mushrooms as a primary ingredient . Additional ingredients include bread , stock or water , tomato <unk> , Parmesan cheese , eggs , <unk> , wild mint , garlic , olive oil , salt and pepper . This variation 's flavor and aroma has been described as based upon the porcini mushrooms that are used ; parsley may also be used . 
 The pelvic fins are relatively large and merged with the pectoral fin disc at the front to form a roughly circular secondary disc . The two dorsal fins are shaped like rounded lobes and are located very close to the caudal fin , which is of similar size with a nearly symmetrical , rounded margin . The tail is extremely short , such as that the caudal fin barely extends past the pelvic fin disc . The skin is entirely devoid of dermal denticles , and may be creased in areas . The dorsal coloration ranges from dark to reddish brown , to grayish , pinkish , or yellowish , and may be plain or sparsely patterned with irregular darker and lighter markings . The underside is pale , as are the spiracle papillae . This species grows to a length of 70 cm ( 28 in ) , or possibly even 92 cm ( 36 in ) , though most are only around 40 cm ( 16 in ) long . 
 The national symbols of the Philippines consist of symbols that represent Philippine traditions and ideals and convey the principles of sovereignty and national solidarity of the Filipino people . Some of these symbols are stated in the Flag and Heraldic Code of the Philippines , which is also known as Republic Act 8491 . The national language of the Philippines is Filipino as stated in the Constitution of the Philippines . Aside from those stated symbols in the Constitution and in Republic Act 8491 , there are only five official national symbols of the Philippines enacted through law , namely sampaguita as national flower , narra as national tree , the Philippine eagle as national bird , Philippine pearl as national gem and arnis as national martial art and sport . 
 The UH Student Video Network , a student @-@ run network , appears on the University of Houston cable network and is one of the few fee @-@ funded student organizations on campus . 
 The band 's decision to employ Japanese surrealist Keiichi Tanaami to produce the cover for Hey Venus ! and its singles received some criticism , not least because the artist had already used similar designs . In a 2005 interview with German magazine <unk> , keyboard player Cian Ciaran stated that the artwork for " The Gift ... " was unique , however , and praised the artist . 
 Yoshiki – Eternal Melody ( 1993 ) 
 Liverpool played Portuguese team Benfica in the second round . Liverpool won the first leg 3 – 1 in England with a hat @-@ trick by Ian Rush . They lost the second leg 1 – 0 at Benfica 's home ground , Estádio da Luz , but still progressed to the quarter @-@ finals due to a 3 – 2 aggregate victory . Liverpool 's opponents in the quarter @-@ finals were Austria Wien of Austria . The first leg at Wien 's home ground , the Gerhard <unk> Stadium , was drawn 1 – 1 , but a 4 – 1 victory in the second leg in England meant that Liverpool qualified for the semi @-@ finals with a 5 – 2 aggregate win . 
 Lipsett decided to tow New Mexico for scrapping at Newark , New Jersey . The proximity of Newark to rail lines made it an ideal location for dismantling the ship and hauling away the steel . In early November 1947 New Mexico departed Boston , towed by two tugs . On 12 November , while off the coast of New York , the tugs pulling the battleship encountered heavy weather and were forced to cut the tow lines . Running lights were kept on aboard New Mexico along with three crewmembers , but the tugs eventually lost sight of the battleship . New Mexico then drifted as a derelict until spotted by a Coast Guard plane the next day , 35 miles off the coast . The two tugs then secured tow lines and continued the journey to the scrapyard . 
 Malory informs Sterling that a group of Cuban hitmen have established a warrant against him , which makes Sterling even more irate . Burt then calls Malory and asks her out to a movie premiere that night . Later that day , however , Malory gets a letter from Reynolds , saying that he is leaving her for a younger woman and moving back " to Tinseltown " . However , Lana Kane ( Aisha Tyler ) quickly figures out that the letter was written by Sterling himself ( citing how no star actor uses the term " Tinseltown " ) . She quickly figures out that Sterling visited Burt , knocking him out with knock @-@ out gas , and taking him to his apartment . Lana , along with Cyril Figgis and Ray Gillette ( Adam Reed ) , go to try to reason with Sterling . Once there , they encounter the Cuban hit squad , who believe Gillette is the real Sterling based on the recon photo they have ( taken during the events of " <unk> " ) and a firefight begins . Meanwhile , Sterling holds Burt hostage , promising to never let him date his mother again , but he is interrupted by the firefight between the ISIS agents and the Cubans . As they drive off , Sterling prepares to go after them , but Burt says that Sterling won 't be able to catch up to them and that he can . Sterling agrees to a bet : If Burt can 't catch up to them , he will leave for Hollywood and never call Malory again , and if he does , he can be allowed to continue dating Malory . 
 Tolle has said that he was depressed for much of his life until he underwent , at age 29 , an " inner transformation " . He then spent several years wandering " in a state of deep bliss " before becoming a spiritual teacher . Later , he moved to North America where he began writing his first book , The Power of Now , which was published in 1997 and reached the New York Times Best Seller lists in 2000 . 
 Determining the phylogeny of subfossil lemurs has been problematic because studies of morphology , developmental biology , and molecular phylogenetics have sometimes yielded conflicting results . All studies agree that the family Daubentoniidae ( including the giant aye @-@ aye ) diverged first from the other lemurs at least 60 million years ago . The relationship between the remaining families has been less clear . Morphological , developmental , and molecular studies have offered support for lumping the four sloth lemur genera of the family Palaeopropithecidae with the family Indriidae ( including the indri , sifakas , and woolly lemurs ) . The placement of family Megaladapidae has been more controversial , with similarities in teeth and skull features suggesting a close relationship with family Lepilemuridae ( sportive lemurs ) . Molecular data , instead , indicate a closer relationship to family Lemuridae . Likewise , a relationship between family Archaeolemuridae and family Lemuridae has been suggested , based on morphological and developmental traits , yet molar morphology , the number of teeth in the specialized toothcomb , and molecular analysis support a closer relationship with the indriid – sloth lemur clade . Other subfossil lemurs , including the giant aye @-@ aye and Pachylemur , are more easily placed due to strong similarities with existing lemurs ( the aye @-@ aye and ruffed lemurs , respectively ) . 
 A NATO spokesman said that NATO " regrets the loss of life of any Pakistani servicemen " . 
 RSTs may also have a public health benefit . In addition to undesirable side @-@ effects in the individual , inappropriate antibiotic use is thought to contribute to the development of drug @-@ resistant strains of bacteria . By helping to identify bacterial infection , RSTs may help to limit the use of antibiotics in viral illnesses , where they are not beneficial . 
 Nichols guest starred in three episodes of CBS 's Criminal Minds , and was then promoted as a series regular . Her role was Ashley Seaver , an FBI cadet assigned to the <unk> . The casting choice came amid uproar from the series ' fanbase as she was bought in to replace exiting actresses A.J. Cook and Paget Brewster ; she told Parade magazine that the show ' fans at first " hated " her , with many sending her hate messages through Twitter , because " [ ... ] they were very angry about [ the Paget and A.J. ] situation . " However , as the season went on , viewers eventually gave her character a warm reception . " It just kind of worked . It was a long process , " she said . It was later informed that Nichols had been let go from the show . Nichols next starred in the indie drama @-@ romance feature A Bird of the Air ( formerly known as The Loop ) , where she played Fiona " a librarian who joins a highway patrolman to uncover the mysteries behind the cryptic sayings spoken by an ancient parrot . " She described the film as a " quirky , edgy love story " and felt that playing her role " was great for me , because [ Fiona ] is a departure from some of the roles I 've been offered " . It was released in selected theaters on September 23 , 2011 , to mixed reviews ; while The New York Times remarked that the actress " is consistently appealing in the kind of role Zooey Deschanel has pretty much cornered " , Village Voice felt her character was " a grating twit " in her hands . 
 Regarding the ultimate objectives behind the making of the film , Morgan said he was not trying to blame just a single company nor the fast fashion industry as " it did not invent a very irresponsible way of manufacturing , it did not invent <unk> the consumption of things . " The director said the film was intended to be a caution on the " incessant consumption of mediocre stuff " and an incentive to view shopping as something more than a hobby , adding that buying is " a moral act and there is a chain reaction of consequences " . He commented he was not trying to be " anti @-@ business or anti @-@ market " but was just reaffirming basic human rights and showing the limits of natural resources . 
 The Cadet Nurse Corps alleviated the critical shortage of nurses during World War II and thus fulfilled its congressional mandate . In the process , it positively influenced the way future nurses would be educated and trained in the United States . 
 Guisborough was well @-@ established at the time of the priory 's founding ; the town 's name refers to the fortified place of a Scandinavian called <unk> , who may have taken over a site established by the Anglo @-@ Saxons or Romans who lived in the vicinity before the arrival of Vikings in the 8th and 9th centuries . A priest , church and mill were recorded in 1086 in the Domesday Book which refers to the town as " <unk> " . Following the Norman Conquest , William the Conqueror gave lands in the area to the Count of Mortain . He passed them to his friend Robert de Brus , Lord of Skelton , one of the largest landowners in the north , owning more than 40 @,@ 000 acres ( 160 km2 ) in Yorkshire alone . William 's Harrying of the North left the region in a severely depressed and depopulated state . There were few monasteries north of the River Humber and opportunities existed for new agricultural and religious developments . The Augustinian order came to England at the start of the 12th century and established houses in England , including major ones at Bridlington , Nostell and Kirkham . They were communities of canons living under the rule of St. Augustine , wearing dark robes that earned them the name the " Black Canons " . 
 Ms. Kelly ( 2007 ) 
 López made the playoffs for the second year in a row as the Red Sox won the AL Wild Card . He made one appearance in the AL Division Series ( ALDS ) against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim , taking the loss in Game 3 after giving up a game @-@ winning , twelfth @-@ inning single to Erick <unk> . That was Boston 's only loss of the series , as they defeated the Angels in four games . He made two appearances in the AL Championship Series ( ALCS ) against the Tampa Bay Rays , allowing no runs as the Red Sox were defeated in seven games . 
 Scholars such as Claude <unk> , Ulrich Merkl , Alfredo Castelli , and others have hunted down what they believe to have influenced McCay 's work on Dream of the Rarebit Fiend . Among the possible influences are Edward Lear 's popular The Book of Nonsense ( 1870 ) , Gelett Burgess ' The Burgess Nonsense Book ( 1901 ) , Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ( 1865 ) ( particularly the pool of tears scene , which seems related to the flood of sweat in one early Rarebit Fiend strip ) , and a variety of dream cartoons and illustrations that appeared in various periodicals McCay was likely familiar with . 
 The nature of press reporting on aspects of the case led to legal proceedings against several UK newspapers . Libel action was brought by Jefferies against eight publications over their coverage of his arrest , resulting in the payment to him of substantial damages . The Daily Mirror and The Sun were found guilty of contempt of court for reporting information that could prejudice a trial . A memorial service was held for Yeates at the parish church in the Bristol suburb where she lived ; her funeral took place near the family home in Hampshire . Several memorials were planned , including one in a garden she had been designing for a new hospital in Bristol . 
 The Joan W. and Irving B. Harris Theater for Music and Dance is a 1525 @-@ seat theater for the performing arts located along the northern edge of Millennium Park . Constructed in 2002 – 03 , it is the city 's premier performance venue for small- and medium @-@ sized performance groups , which had previously been without a permanent home and were underserved by the city 's performing venue options . The theater , which is largely underground due to Grant Park @-@ related height restrictions , was named for its primary benefactors , Joan and Irving Harris . It serves as the park 's indoor performing venue , a compliment to Jay Pritzker Pavilion , which hosts the park 's outdoor performances . Among the regularly featured local groups are the Joffrey Ballet , Hubbard Street Dance Chicago and Chicago Opera Theater . It provides subsidized rental , technical expertise , and marketing support for the companies using it , and turned a profit in its fourth fiscal year . 
 At least two livery variants were tested on scale models , which were later exposed at VR 's conference centre at Helsinki central railway station : one has a red strip for the whole length of the train , with the window backgrounds painted grey . The other is more similar to the final result , but the front of the train includes more red and no grey paint at all . VR finally settled to a combination of both of them , which bore resemblance to the company 's InterCity livery . The bottom of the carriages is dark grey , with a red stripe distinguishing it from the white base colour . The top of the carriages is painted grey . Red colouring at the end of each car forms red parallelograms when the carriages are combined . When asked why the trains were not blue and white , VR 's CEO answered that red and white fits the train and its design the best . 
 The parkway ends 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) from Liverpool at the eastern tip of the lake , where the route connects to I @-@ 81 at exit 24 . NY 370 continues through the interchange , following the two @-@ lane Park Street into the city of Syracuse . In its first few blocks in the city , the highway passes under the Mohawk Subdivision — CSX 's main line across Central New York — and serves both <unk> Bank Stadium and the Central New York Regional Market . East of the market , the route continues for one more block through an industrial area of Syracuse to Wolf Street , where NY 370 ends at US 11 and NY 298 Truck 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) northwest of downtown Syracuse . 
 The Bristol Beaufort solved medium @-@ range operational problems but long @-@ range strikes were beyond the type . No. 2 Group RAF from Bomber Command took on ASO from March to October but their Blenheims were not suitable . The answer lay with the Bristol Beaufighter . It offered a combination of speed , rugged endurance , and multi @-@ role capability with a variety of different armament . It became operational in early 1942 . It made an immediate impact . In September 1942 , 15 squadrons of these aircraft were to be created by April 1943 into special ASO units , or Strike Wings . The first came into operation in November 1942 , with No. 143 , 236 and 254 squadron based at North Coates . The inexperienced crews initially suffered heavy casualties for little return . But when withdrawn and intensively trained , the wing returned in April 1943 with success . In May 1943 the de Havilland Mosquito joined the wing and on 22 June they began operations with rockets . One of the first Mosquito @-@ equipped Coastal Units was No. 333 ( Norwegian ) squadron , on 10 May . In October FB VI Mosquitoes were used , and later the XVIII fitted with the 57mm Molins cannon was also used as the Mosquito ' <unk> ' , and a planned larger @-@ gunned version of the ' <unk> ' with a <unk> anti @-@ aircraft artillery gun modified for use as an anti @-@ tank gun , the <unk> 32 pdr , was tested in a similar manner in a single Mosquito , although this did not fly until after the war . Both rockets and the 57mm Molins cannon were effective , and the Command had the aircraft to begin large @-@ scale <unk> . By January 1944 , German construction was not keeping pace with losses . In the period , January to April 1944 , the Germans lost 38 @,@ 202 tons of shipping , directly to Coastal Command 's operations . In June to August , seven vessels were sunk in Norwegian waters . The Banff Wing sank 17 vessels , totalling 23 @,@ 582 tons in September to December 1944 . They shared in the destruction of two and damaged 10 , for a total of 10 @,@ 000 tons . During this time , the Mosquitoes main weapon was the 25 lb ( 11 kg ) rocket . 
 Credits adapted from Britney 's liner notes . 
 Though the majority of specimens are almost or even totally black , ( with the exception of head and facial markings ) , the color pattern may consist of a brown , gray , tan , yellowish @-@ olive or blackish ground color , which is overlaid with a series of 10 – 17 dark brown to almost black crossbands . These crossbands , which usually have black edges , are sometimes broken along the dorsal midline to form a series of staggered <unk> on either side of the body . These crossbands are visibly lighter in the center , almost matching the ground color , often contain irregular dark markings , and extend well down onto the ventral scales . The dorsal banding pattern fades with age , so older individuals are an almost uniform olive @-@ brown , grayish @-@ brown or black . The belly is white , yellowish @-@ white or tan , marked with dark spots , and becomes darker posteriorly . The amount of dark pigment on the belly varies from virtually nothing to almost completely black . The head is a more or less uniform brown color , especially in A. p. piscivorus . Subadult specimens may exhibit the same kind of dark , parietal spots characteristic of A. contortrix , but sometimes these are still visible in adults . Eastern populations have a broad , dark , postocular stripe , bordered with pale pigment above and below , that is faint or absent in western populations . The underside of the head is generally whitish , cream or tan . 
 During the Korean War , the division saw a total of 850 days of combat , suffering 15 @,@ 126 casualties , including 3 @,@ 905 killed in action and 10 @,@ 858 wounded . For the next few years , the division remained on defensive duty along the 38th parallel , under the command of the Eighth Army . Thirteen members of the division received the Medal of Honor for their actions during the Korean War : Charles H. Barker , Raymond Harvey , Einar H. Ingman , Jr . , William F. Lyell , Joseph C. Rodriguez , Richard Thomas Shea , Daniel D. <unk> , Jack G. Hanson , Ralph E. Pomeroy , Edward R. <unk> , Jr . , Benjamin F. Wilson , Don C. Faith , Jr . , and Anthony T. <unk> . 
 Challenging the very core of the caste @-@ based society , the Veerashaivas conducted a marriage between an upper caste Brahmin bride and a lower caste Shudra groom . The resulting confrontation between rebellious Veerashaivas and the conservative upper classes lead to the assassination of King Bijjala II and the eviction of most devotees , including Basavanna , from Kalyani . The successors of King Bijjala II were weak , prompting Chalukya Someshvara IV , ruling from Annigeri , to attempt rebuilding his empire by invading Kalyani in 1183 . Though his invasion was successful , his overall efforts failed and the dynasty was ended by the Seuna rulers who drove Someshvara IV into exile in Banavasi in 1189 . Though these turbulent events caused a setback to the Veerashaiva gatherings and creation of poems , the movement had set roots in the Kannada soil and regained popularity in the 15th century under the patronage of the rulers of the Vijayanagara Empire . 
 The Way I See It received generally positive reviews from critics . At Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications , the album received an average score of 79 , based on 20 reviews . Caroline Sullivan from The Guardian called it flawlessly produced and performed by Saadiq , and Rolling Stone magazine 's Will Hermes said the record showcased an original take on classic Northern soul . Andy Gill of The Independent wrote that it was one of 2008 's most captivating albums because " few have managed to retro @-@ fabricate that classic sound so accurately , nor in as many subtle variations " like Saadiq . AllMusic 's Andy Kellman stated , " Here 's where a modern master , backed by living and breathing session musicians ... masters the masters with startling accuracy . " In The Observer , Kitty Empire found the album " both feather @-@ light and substantial " because of how , " unlike most modern records , Saadiq 's tunes gather weight the deeper in you go " . Writing for MSN Music , Christgau said Saadiq sang with Smokey Robinson 's detailed sentimentality and Dennis Edwards ' amenable personality . Q was more critical , finding the record devoid of a " fresh approach " to elevate it from a simple homage . According to PopMatters writer Christian John Wikane , " one 's total enjoyment of the album depends on their appreciation of classic soul and R & B and whether such appreciation is contingent on absolute authenticity . " 
 Air Force : 10 U.S.C. § 8741 
 Since September 21 , 1995 , the motorway has been operated by the BINA Istra company , as part of a 32 @-@ year build @-@ operate @-@ transfer concession contract . The concession provided for the takeover of the existing 54 @-@ kilometre ( 34 mi ) section of the road , and a completed tube of the Učka Tunnel . The concession agreement also mandated construction , maintenance and management of the roads , and their upgrade to motorway standards ( dual carriageway ) , when the annual average daily traffic ( AADT ) reaches 10 @,@ 000 vehicles ; or when the average summer daily traffic reaches 16 @,@ 000 vehicles . The latter was achieved in 2005 , and the motorway upgrade works started in 2008 — even though the AADT at the time was only 8 @,@ 500 vehicles . 
 Marina Illich , a scholar of Indo @-@ Tibetan Buddhism , while discussing the life of the Gelug lama <unk> <unk> Dorje ( 1717 – 1786 ) , mentions the limitations of both Western and Chinese modern scholarship in their interpretation of Tibetan sources . As for the limitations imposed on scholars by the central government of the People 's Republic of China on issues regarding the history of Tibet , Illich writes : 
 Calatafimi was 73 @.@ 1 meters ( 239 ft 10 in ) long overall and had a beam of 8 @.@ 22 m ( 27 ft 0 in ) and an average draft of 3 @.@ 48 m ( 11 ft 5 in ) . She displaced 839 metric tons ( 826 long tons ; 925 short tons ) normally . Her propulsion system consisted of a pair of horizontal triple @-@ expansion steam engines , each driving a single screw propeller , with steam supplied by four coal @-@ fired locomotive boilers . Specific figures for Calatafimi 's engine performance have not survived , but the ships of her class had top speeds of 18 @.@ 1 to 20 @.@ 8 knots ( 33 @.@ 5 to 38 @.@ 5 km / h ; 20 @.@ 8 to 23 @.@ 9 mph ) at 3 @,@ 884 to 4 @,@ 422 indicated horsepower ( 2 @,@ 896 to 3 @,@ 297 kW ) . The ship had a cruising radius of about 1 @,@ 800 nautical miles ( 3 @,@ 300 km ; 2 @,@ 100 mi ) at a speed of 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . She had a crew of between 96 and 121 personnel . 
 Throughout her life , Emma Smith frequently denied that her husband had ever taken additional wives . Emma said that the very first time she ever became aware of a polygamy revelation being attributed to Smith by Mormons was when she read about it in Orson Pratt 's periodical The Seer in 1853 . Emma campaigned publicly against polygamy , and was the main signatory of a petition in 1842 , with a thousand female signatures , denying that Smith was connected with polygamy . As president of the Ladies ' Relief Society , Emma authorized publishing a certificate in the same year denouncing polygamy , and denying her husband as its creator or participant . Even on her deathbed , Emma denied Joseph 's involvement with polygamy , stating , " No such thing as polygamy , or spiritual <unk> , was taught , publicly or privately , before my husband 's death , that I have now , or ever had any knowledge of ... He had no other wife but me ; nor did he to my knowledge ever have " . 
 Eat Pray Love ( 2010 ) 
 The canal was absorbed by the British Waterways Board in 1962 . The Conservators carried out an annual inspection in 1965 , the first since 1947 , but had to use a motor coach for most of the journey , as the locks were unusable . With the passing of the Transport Act 1968 , the canal was classified as a remainder waterway – little more than a drainage channel . Only essential maintenance to keep it safe was to be carried out . Soon afterwards , part of the cutting wall between West Street and Albert Street collapsed , and although the bed of the canal was cleared to ensure water could reach the dock , the towpath remained blocked for another nine years . Bridgwater Docks , which had been used by a small amount of coastal shipping , were finally closed in 1971 : the connection at the docks was stopped up , and the British Waterways Board were granted permission to cease maintaining the canal for navigation . 
 The Jönköpings läns museum owns over 1 @,@ 000 paintings , drawings and sketches by Bauer , which is the world 's largest collection of his artwork . He is also represented at the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm , the Gothenburg Museum of Art and the Malmö konstmuseum . The John Bauer Museum in <unk> , Germany is a museum dedicated to the life and works of Bauer . 
 The southern portion of the Point Loma peninsula was set aside for military purposes as early as 1852 . Over the next several decades the Army set up a series of coastal artillery batteries and named the area Fort Rosecrans . Significant U.S. Navy presence began in 1901 with the establishment of the Navy Coaling Station in Point Loma , and expanded greatly during the 1920s . By 1930 , the city was host to Naval Base San Diego , Naval Training Center San Diego , San Diego Naval Hospital , Camp Matthews , and Camp Kearny ( now Marine Corps Air Station Miramar ) . The city was also an early center for aviation : as early as World War I , San Diego was proclaiming itself " The Air Capital of the West " . The city was home to important airplane developers and manufacturers like Ryan Airlines ( later Ryan Aeronautical ) , founded in 1925 , and Consolidated Aircraft ( later Convair ) , founded in 1923 . Charles A. Lindbergh 's plane The Spirit of St. Louis was built in San Diego in 1927 by Ryan Airlines . 
 A national constitution was adopted in March 1994 in which the functions of prime minister were given to the President of Belarus . 
 Max Weinberg or Minister of the Big Beat ( born April 13 , 1951 ) is an American drummer and television personality , most widely known as the longtime drummer for Bruce Springsteen 's E Street Band and as the bandleader for Conan O 'Brien on Late Night with Conan O 'Brien and The Tonight Show with Conan O 'Brien . 
 The origins of the name for Dhaka are uncertain . Once dhak tree was very common in the area and the name may have originated from it . Alternatively , this name may refer to the hidden goddess <unk> , whose shrine is located in the south @-@ western part of the city . Another popular theory states that Dhaka refers to a <unk> instrument , dhak which was played by order of Subahdar Islam Khan I during the inaugurating of the Bengal capital in 1610 . Some references also say that it was derived from a Prakrit dialect called Dhaka Bhasa ; or Dhakka , used in the <unk> for a watch @-@ station ; or it is the same as <unk> , mentioned in the Allahabad pillar inscription of <unk> as an eastern frontier kingdom . 
 After another Chicago punt , the Colts advanced to the Bears ' 36 @-@ yard line before Tillman ended the drive by forcing and recovering a fumble from tight end Bryan Fletcher . But on the next play , Grossman fumbled a snap , and Colts defensive lineman Raheem Brock recovered the ball . Manning then led the Colts to Chicago 's 17 @-@ yard line . With two seconds left , Vinatieri attempted a 36 @-@ yard field goal , but his kick sailed wide left , and the score remained 16 – 14 at halftime . 
 At the Dundies party Michael sings various song parodies , including spoofs of Naughty by Nature 's 1991 hit " <unk> " , Elton John 's 1971 hit " Tiny Dancer " , and Hot Chocolate 's 1975 single " You Sexy Thing " during the " Hottest in the Office " award . Originally , a parody of Eminem 's 2002 hit " Lose Yourself " was slated to be featured in the episode , but was axed when Eminem refused to allow permission . In the background of one scene , Michael is seen singing the 1987 song " ( I 've Had ) The Time of My Life " , by Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes . The final scene in the episode features " Tiny Dancer " playing over the actual footage of the show . 
 Present elevator cab installed : 2001 
 Another noticeable difference in the storyline takes place when Zhou travels with his teenage disciples to visit his friend the Abbot . Instead of Yue wandering behind the temple to battle the magical snake , he stays with Zhou and the Abbot , while the other disciples go off to explore . Zhou watches as the Abbot tests Yue 's strength by asking him to move an ornate three @-@ hundred pound copper stove dating from the Han Dynasty . The abbot then lifts a stone floor tile and presents the boy with a large book on military strategy . He goes on to tell Yue how he was once a great soldier who fought in campaigns against the Liao and Western Xia empires , but became a monk after the Song agreed to become a vassal of each state . He later made a name for himself by teaching military skills to youths from the surrounding area . Since he has no heir of his own , the Abbot presents Yue with his own personal spear and instructs him in the proper use of the weapon . Zhou kindly protests the gift at first , but allows Yue to keep it out of friendship . 
 The legal implications of GCHQ were that many areas once considered <unk> were now potentially open to judicial scrutiny by the United Kingdom courts , except for a list of prerogatives that Lord Roskill provided as being non @-@ reviewable " because their nature and subject matter are such as not to be amenable to the judicial process " . These included prerogative powers of treaty @-@ making , the defence of the realm , the prerogative of mercy , the granting of honours , the dissolution of parliament , and the appointment of ministers . Subsequent case law shows that this list has largely been accepted , and there is indication that the judges have continued to move with a degree of circumspection , and sometimes even in reaction against such developments . However , in Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament v. Prime Minister ( 2002 ) , Justice Maurice Kay accepted that the ambit of the " forbidden areas " identified by Lord Roskill is not immutable , and had been reduced in some cases . 
 Later that month , ESPN 's Outside the Lines obtained a new Biogenesis document from April 2012 listing Braun among three other MLB players with the notation : " MLB Ryan Braun + 1500 . " An ESPN source said to be familiar with Bosch 's operation claimed the list was of players who obtained PEDs from Bosch and their respective balances , with a circle around the plus sign next to a player 's name indicating his balance was paid off . In late April , Bosch confirmed to ESPN that Braun 's legal team merely consulted with him during Braun 's appeal , and confirmed that he never spoke to Braun himself . 
 On 2 February 1926 , Parliament voted to nationalise the Trunk Railway . During the debate , the organisation of Spisevognselskapet was criticised ; with the nationalisation , the state became the sole owner of Spisevognselskapet . On 31 March 1927 , the Ministry of Labour recommended that the company remain a state @-@ owned limited company ; the minority in parliament wanted a state enterprise . During the 1930s , Sigurd <unk> was managing director of Norsk Spisevognselskap . In 1948 , Erling <unk> was appointed managing director of the company . He was succeeded by Knut <unk> in 1960 . The company had 75 employees in 1919 , and 591 in 1949 . 
 Both Memphis and Randolph are located on one of the four Chickasaw Bluffs , Randolph on the second and Memphis on the fourth . In the early 19th century , the terrain of the Chickasaw Bluffs provided promising locations for a harbor on the Mississippi River for both emerging towns . In 1820 , the area that would become Randolph had an estimated population of 54 . 
 As a rail hub , the city has direct connections to Austria , Hungary , the Czech Republic , Poland , Germany and the rest of Slovakia . Petržalka and Bratislava <unk> stanica are the main railway stations . Main bus station ( <unk> stanica Mlynské Nivy or AS Mlynské Nivy ) is located at Mlynské Nivy , east of city centre and offers bus connections to cities in Slovakia and international bus lines . 
 By the beginning of the 1926 season , Chapman was no longer the star of English cricket . Although still respected for his earlier achievements , he had a modest record in Test and first @-@ class cricket . During the season , the Australians toured England for another Ashes series . Chapman did not play any early season games and his first match for Kent was against the touring side . He scored 51 , his first first @-@ class fifty since January 1925 . A week later , he scored 159 in the County Championship , bringing him back into contention for an England place , then scored 89 in a Test trial match played against the Australians . Chapman 's appearances for Kent were sporadic for the rest of the season , but he scored 629 runs in his nine County Championship games at an average of 57 @.@ 18 to lead the Kent averages . He also scored a century for the Gentlemen against the Players at Lord 's . 
 In the weeks leading up to the Chick @-@ fil @-@ A Bowl , the number of controversies surrounding Tennessee head coach Lane Kiffin continued to grow . Throughout the regular season , he was linked to violations of NCAA rules and actions that appeared to fall outside the norm for SEC coaches . He was mentioned in a rap song by Lil Wayne , and his combative attitude toward opposing coaches caused friction within the SEC . In the second week of December , he was connected to an ongoing scandal in which Tennessee hostesses allegedly helped lure recruits to Tennessee , violating NCAA rules . Despite these problems , he was a successful recruiter , and gained commitments from sought @-@ after recruits in the leadup to the Chick @-@ fil @-@ A Bowl . 
 ( with Samuel Wesley ) New and correct edition of the Preludes and Fugues of John Sebastian Bach – Johann Sebastian Bach ( 1810 ) 
 When Colt returned to the United States in 1832 , he went back to work for his father , who financed the production of two guns , a rifle and a pistol . The first completed pistol exploded when it was fired , but the rifle performed well . His father would not finance any further development , so Samuel needed to find a way to pay for the development of his ideas . He had learned about nitrous oxide ( laughing gas ) from the factory chemist in his father 's textile plant , so he took a portable lab on the road and earned a living performing laughing gas demonstrations across the United States and Canada , billing himself as " the Celebrated Dr. <unk> of New @-@ York , London and Calcutta " . Colt conceived of himself as a man of science and thought if he could enlighten people about a new idea like nitrous oxide , he could in turn make people more receptive to his new idea concerning a revolver . He started his lectures on street corners and soon worked his way up to lecture halls and museums . As ticket sales declined , Colt realized that " serious " museum lectures were not what the people wanted to pay money to see and that it was dramatic stories of salvation and redemption the public craved . While visiting his brother , John , in Cincinnati , he partnered with sculptor , Hiram Powers , for his demonstrations with a theme based on The Divine Comedy . Powers made detailed wax sculptures and paintings based on demons , centaurs and mummies from Dante . Colt constructed fireworks to complete the show , which was a success . According to Colt historian Robert Lawrence Wilson , the " lectures launched Colt 's celebrated career as a pioneer Madison Avenue @-@ style pitchman " . His public speaking skills were so prized that he was thought to be a doctor and was pressed into service to cure an apparent cholera epidemic on board a riverboat by giving his patients a dose of nitrous oxide . 
 1845 , 19 May : Franklin expedition sails from England 
 By the late 19th century , the East End roughly corresponded to the Tower division of Middlesex , which from 1900 formed the metropolitan boroughs of Stepney , Bethnal Green , Poplar and Shoreditch in the County of London . Today it corresponds to the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and the southern part of Hackney . 
 Instrumental Version ( Unreleased ) – 3 : 58 
 What is now DE 72 originally existed as a county road by 1920 . By 1931 , the road was proposed as a state highway between present @-@ day DE 9 and US 13 while what would become DE 72 north of Milford Crossroads was completed as a state highway . The road from present @-@ day DE 9 to US 13 became a state highway ba year later . On July 1 , 1935 , the remaining sections of the present @-@ day route were transferred from the county to the state . The portion of the road between US 13 and US 40 was improved by the state in 1937 , providing a better route to Baltimore and Washington , D.C. for residents in the Delaware City , Port Penn , and Odessa areas . 
 As the trade deadline approached , it was speculated that the Phillies would surrender older players to obtain younger ones . They made two deals , neither involving key components of the team . In August they had their best month of the season : a 14 – 13 record , thanks to strong pitching and adequate hitting . Although the Phillies began September with four pitchers combining for a no @-@ hitter , their month deteriorated from there . The squad had an 11 – 15 record , finishing the season with 73 wins and 89 losses . Significant personnel changes on the field and in the front office were expected during the offseason . 
 In December 2012 Wu released Hang Loose , his first full @-@ length feature film . Wu began working on the film in late 2011 with Dante Basco and Kinetic Films LLC . " Hang Loose " is a comedy in which Wu , who stars as himself , goes to Hawaii for his sister 's wedding , but finds himself on a misadventure with his future brother @-@ in @-@ law ( played by Dante Basco ) that changes his life . Other notable actors in the film include Justin Chon as the main antagonist , BJ . 
 Installing a positive pressurization or positive supply ventilation system . 
 Though she had left her role as queen of León , she retained authority over and taxing rights in many of the lands she had received there , including Salamanca and <unk> , which she gave to her son Ferdinand in 1206 . Some of the nobles who had served her as queen followed her back to the court in Castille . The peace which had prevailed since her marriage was lost , and there was war again between León and Castille , in part over her control of these lands . In 1205 , 1207 , and 1209 , treaties were made again between the two countries , each expanding her control . In the treaties of 1207 and 1209 , Berengaria and her son were given again significant properties along the border , including many key castles , including Villalpando . The treaty in 1207 is the first existing public document in the Castilian dialect . 
 The examination consists of six problems . Each problem is worth seven points , so the maximum total score is 42 points . No calculators are allowed . The examination is held over two consecutive days ; each day the contestants have four @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half hours to solve three problems . The problems chosen are from various areas of secondary school mathematics , broadly classifiable as geometry , number theory , algebra , and combinatorics . They require no knowledge of higher mathematics such as calculus and analysis , and solutions are often short and elementary . However , they are usually disguised so as to make the solutions difficult . <unk> featured are algebraic inequalities , complex numbers , and construction @-@ oriented geometrical problems , though in recent years the latter has not been as popular as before . 
 With the collapse of the federation , Welensky moved to Salisbury , Rhodesia ( renamed from Southern Rhodesia after Northern Rhodesia gained independence as Zambia ) . After a short break , he was invited to lead the UFP in Rhodesia , which had recently renamed itself the Rhodesia Party . With the Rhodesian Front pushing for independence for the territory and a new constitution , the Rhodesia Party advocated the same , but with a focus on stemming white emigration and rebuilding the economy ( all three territories had slipped into recession with the end of the federation ) . 
 As CGS , Duigan proved to be an undistinguished appointment and was not particularly well regarded by the politicians of the day . He implemented several organisational changes , one of which was the disestablishment of the GOC position and its replacement with an army board to control the military . When the board was established in November 1937 , it included Fred Jones , the Minister of Defence , and Duigan as first military member . Duigan offered little counter to the favouring of the fledgling Royal New Zealand Air Force by the New Zealand Government of the time , and this affected morale within the army . 
 In 1893 , James Rendel Harris ' book Stichometry extended these new developments to an analysis of the stichometric data found in many early manuscripts of the Christian Bible and other Christian texts . 
 In the first two games of his Air Force career , DeBerry 's Falcons jumped to an excellent start . In the team 's 1984 opener , the Falcons defeated San Diego State , 34 – 17 . The following week , the Falcons blew out Northern Colorado , 75 – 7 . But after those two victories , things became more difficult for the Falcons . Air Force lost its next two games ( at Utah and Wyoming ) before defeating Colorado State , Navy , and traditional football powerhouse Notre Dame . 
 One on One ( Atlas , 1982 ) with Russ Freeman 
 75 @-@ year @-@ old Will June , his grandfather , became the oldest player to bowl consecutive perfect games on August 31 , 2010 . 
 The electoral district of Perth was created as one of the initial 30 single @-@ member districts , and one of only six in the Perth – Fremantle area . Its first member , who was elected on 10 December 1890 , was Dr Edward Scott , a doctor by training who had been elected as Mayor of Perth the previous year . He resigned in December 1891 , and was replaced at the resulting by @-@ election on 12 January 1892 by Thomas Molloy . Molloy became embroiled in a controversy regarding provision of state aid to private schools , which he and fellow Catholic MLAs Timothy Quinlan and Alfred Canning supported . The Catholic Vicar General , Father Anselm Bourke , established the Education Defence League with their assistance . However , the issue became a major one in the 1894 election amongst the voting public , and all three MLAs lost their seats , Molloy losing to George Randell , a prominent Congregationalist who had led the cause against state aid . Randell became the Opposition Leader to Premier John Forrest , but stepped down from that role a year later in July 1895 , and did not contest the 1897 election , which was won by a supporter of Forrest . 
 Distinguished Service Order on 1 January 1917 
 Inscriptions on pottery , written in Tamil @-@ Brahmi , have been found from about 20 archaeological sites in Tamil Nadu . Using methods such as stratigraphy and palaeography , these have been dated between 2nd century BCE and 3rd century CE . Also found in present @-@ day Andhra Pradesh and Sri Lanka , similar inscriptions in Tamil @-@ Brahmi have been found outside the ancient Tamil country in Thailand and the Red Sea coast in Egypt . Arikamedu , the ancient port city of the Cholas , and Urayur and Puhar , their early capitals , have yielded several fragmentary pottery inscriptions , all dated to the Sangam age . Kodumanal , a major industrial center known for the manufacture of gems during this period , had remains of pottery with inscriptions in Tamil , Prakrit and Sinhala @-@ Prakrit . Alagankulam , a thriving sea port of the early Pandyas , has yielded pottery inscriptions that mention several personal names including the name of a Chera prince . One of the pottery sherds contained the depiction of a large Roman ship . Many other ancient sites such as Kanchipuram , Karur , Korkai and Puhar have all yielded pottery with inscriptions on them . Outside of Tamil Nadu and Kerala , inscriptions in Tamil @-@ Brahmi have been found in Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh , Jaffna in modern Sri Lanka , ancient Roman ports of <unk> al @-@ Qadim and <unk> in Egypt . The 2nd century BCE potsherds found in excavations in <unk> , Jaffna , bear Tamil inscriptions of a clan name – <unk> , related to <unk> of the ancient Tamil country . The inscriptions at <unk> refer to a Tamil chieftain <unk> . 
 Carpenter received a series of brevet promotions for gallantry and or meritorious service to the ranks of ; 
 In 1690 , during King William 's War , Phips was commissioned as a major general the same day he was first allowed to vote . He led a successful military expedition against Port Royal , the capital of Acadia , followed by an unsuccessful attempt to capture Quebec . 
 Lambert proved to be unable to mix the track , and a fresh attempt at recording was made at the start of April at Mick Jagger 's house , Stargroves , using the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio . Glyn Johns was invited to help with production , and he decided to re @-@ use the synthesized organ track from Townshend 's original demo , as the re @-@ recording of the part in New York was felt to be inferior to the original . Keith Moon had to carefully synchronise his drum playing with the synthesizer , while Townshend and Entwistle played electric guitar and bass . Townshend played a 1959 Gretsch <unk> Chet Atkins hollow body guitar fed through an Edwards volume pedal to a Fender Bandmaster amp , all of which he had been given by Joe Walsh while in New York . This combination became his main electric guitar recording setup for subsequent albums . Although intended as a demo recording , the end result sounded so good to the band and Johns , they decided to use it as the final take . Overdubs , including an acoustic guitar part played by Townshend , were recorded at Olympic Studios at the end of April . The track was mixed at Island Studios by Johns on 28 May . After Lifehouse was abandoned as a project , Johns felt " Won 't Get Fooled Again " , along with other songs , were so good that they could simply be released as a standalone single album , which became Who 's Next . 
 Despite the introduction of the Bombardier CRJ @-@ 200s , there were limited opportunities for route expansion from its home at Hiroshima @-@ Nishi Airport . The airline decided to move to Nagoya Airfield , after the opening of Chūbu Centrair International Airport . On February 17 , 2005 , J @-@ Air realized its dream and relocated to its new home at Nagoya Airfield . In order to strengthen the recognition of the JAL brand and improve customer convenience , the airline disposed its own flight numbers and changed to JAL flight numbers from April 1 , 2005 . 
 In October 2006 , Bush was honored by the National Italian American Foundation ( <unk> ) with the <unk> One America Award for fundraising , with Bill Clinton , for the victims of the 2004 tsunami and Hurricane Katrina . 
 <unk> also have a complex lifecycle with an alternation of generations . In the solitary life history phase , an oozoid reproduces asexually , producing a chain of tens or hundreds of individual zooids by budding along the length of a stolon . The chain of salps is the ' aggregate ' portion of the lifecycle . The aggregate individuals , known as blastozooids , remain attached together while swimming and feeding and growing larger . The blastozooids are sequential hermaphrodites . An egg in each is fertilized internally by a sperm from another colony . The egg develops in a brood sac inside the <unk> and has a placental connection to the circulating blood of its " nurse " . When it fills the <unk> 's body , it is released to start the independent life of an oozooid . 
 M 'ba was returned to Libreville on 21 February . Shortly after his arrival , the 10 : 00 pm curfew that had been imposed by the French was lifted , and some stores were reopened . Squads of officials , known as " les <unk> " , travelled through Libreville and arrested any suspected M 'ba opposers . After his reinstatement , M 'ba refused to believe that the coup was directed against his regime , instead considering it to be a conspiracy against the state . Nonetheless , following the coup M 'ba dismissed every soldier in the army and started recruiting new men . 
 Most of Rainilaiarivony 's children failed to achieve their full potential . One son , <unk> , died young of delirium tremens , and sons <unk> and <unk> both met violent ends while still in their youth . <unk> , to whom Rainilaiarivony later ascribed the name Radilifera , was sent to France to study but returned before earning his diploma and faded into obscurity among the upper classes of Imerina . <unk> studied medicine and was on his way to becoming a successful doctor , but died of illness in his twenties . Three brothers turned to crime : Rajoelina , who violated the laws of his country to enrich himself by selling contraband gold to an English company ; <unk> , who studied in England before health issues recalled him to Madagascar , where he and his friends engaged in sexual assault and theft ; and <unk> ( <unk> ) , who organized a group of bandits to rob the houses of common citizens . One of Rainilaiarivony 's daughters died in her twenties following a self @-@ induced abortion , and the rest married and lived quiet lives out of public view . 
 Centrally placed above each window is a faux marble tablet with a decorative frame . On each is painted the names of the male line by which Jesus , through his Earthly father , Joseph , is descended from Abraham , according to the Gospel of Matthew . However , the genealogy is now incomplete , since the two lunettes of the windows in the Altar wall were destroyed by Michelangelo when he returned to the Sistine Chapel in 1537 to paint The Last Judgment . Only engravings , based on a drawing that has since been lost , remain of them . The sequence of tablets seems a little erratic as one plaque has four names , most have three or two , and two plaques have only one . Moreover , the progression moves from one side of the building to the other , but not consistently , and the figures the lunettes contain do not coincide closely with the listed names . These figures vaguely suggest various family relationships ; most lunettes contain one or more infants , and many depict a man and a woman , often sitting on opposing sides of the painted plaque that separates them . O 'Malley describes them as " simply representative figures , almost ciphers " . 
 Schwalbe was 66 @.@ 9 meters ( 219 ft ) long overall and had a beam of 9 @.@ 36 m ( 30 @.@ 7 ft ) and a draft of 4 @.@ 40 m ( 14 @.@ 4 ft ) forward . She displaced 1 @,@ 359 t ( 1 @,@ 338 long tons ) at full combat load . Her propulsion system consisted of two horizontal 2 @-@ cylinder double @-@ expansion steam engines powered by four coal @-@ fired cylindrical water @-@ tube boilers . These provided a top speed of 13 @.@ 5 knots ( 25 @.@ 0 km / h ; 15 @.@ 5 mph ) and a range of approximately 3 @,@ 290 nautical miles ( 6 @,@ 090 km ; 3 @,@ 790 mi ) at 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . To supplement the steam engines , she was fitted with a barquentine rig . Schwalbe had a crew of 9 officers and 108 enlisted men . 
 Quotient rule : 
 S. <unk> aka <unk> Win - Communist trade union leader killed in the 1950s 
 Banksia epica is a shrub that grows on the south coast of Western Australia . A spreading bush with wedge @-@ shaped serrated leaves and large creamy @-@ yellow flower spikes , it grows up to 3 ½ metres ( 11 ½ ft ) high . It is known only from two isolated populations in the remote south east of the state , near the western edge of the Great Australian Bight . Both populations occur among coastal heath on cliff @-@ top dunes of siliceous sand . 
 Eventually , his men brought Hayes back behind their lines , and he was taken to hospital . The regiment continued on to Antietam , but Hayes was out of action for the rest of the campaign . In October , he was promoted to colonel and assigned to command of the first brigade of the Kanawha Division as a brevet brigadier general . 
 " Cashmere Thoughts " contains a sample of " Save Their Souls " by Bohannon . 
 Military designation of the Prototype Model 28 aircraft , three built . 
 The film was the inspiration for a BBC Radio 4 play Vincent Price and The Horror of The English Blood Beast by Matthew Broughton , first broadcast in March 2010 . 
 After Guam , the regiment went back to Guadalcanal , where in November they were detached from the 22nd Marines and joined the 15th Marines of the 6th Marine Division . It was with that outfit that PFC Gonsalves landed on Okinawa on April 1 , 1945 . 
 Vision disturbances often consist of a scintillating <unk> ( an area of partial alteration in the field of vision which flickers and may interfere with a person 's ability to read or drive ) . These typically start near the center of vision and then spread out to the sides with zigzagging lines which have been described as looking like fortifications or walls of a castle . Usually the lines are in black and white but some people also see colored lines . Some people lose part of their field of vision known as hemianopsia while others experience blurring . 
 In the years after McKinley 's death , several memorials were built to him , including a large structure housing his remains at Canton . Another memorial was built at his birthplace in Niles under the auspices of the National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Association ( the Association ) . Designed by the firm of McKim , Mead , and White , the Greek Classic memorial was built of Georgia marble and was dedicated in 1917 . Housing a museum , library , and auditorium , as well as a statue of McKinley and busts of his associates , it remains open to the public , free of charge . 
 In Europe , the interaction of the phenomenon of " dying bees " with imidacloprid has been discussed for quite some time . A study from the " Comité Scientifique et Technique ( CST ) " was at the center of discussion , and led to a partial ban of imidacloprid in France . The imidacloprid pesticide Gaucho was banned in 1999 by the French Minister of Agriculture Jean <unk> , primarily due to concern over potential effects on honey bees . Subsequently , when fipronil , a <unk> insecticide and in Europe mainly labeled " Regent " , was used as a replacement , it was also found to be toxic to bees , and banned partially in France in 2004 . 
 The synagogue became famous as the " Cantor 's Carnegie Hall " , because of its high ceiling , good acoustics , and seating for up to 1 @,@ 800 people . <unk> Rosenblatt , Moshe Koussevitzky , <unk> <unk> , Moishe Oysher , Jan Peerce and Richard Tucker were all cantors there . Red Buttons sang in the choir , George Burns was a member , and Edward G. Robinson had his Bar Mitzvah there . 
 Through his mother 's line he inherited the Arley and Warburton estates in Cheshire . He is best remembered for rebuilding Arley Hall and its chapel dedicated to St Mary , and for helping to create the picturesque appearance of the village of Great Budworth . He and his wife designed extensive new formal gardens to the southeast of the hall , which included one of the earliest herbaceous borders in Britain . The hall and gardens are still owned by his family , but are open to the public . 
 TV Squad writer Jane Boursaw praised Olivia 's entrance in the episode , calling it a " Nice set @-@ up for the focal point of this episode ... Really nice storyline to heave us face @-@ first into the new season " . She lauded the Charlie @-@ shapeshifter plot twist , stating " The possibilities are endless with that storyline , and it 'll be fun to see how it all plays out " . SFScope columnist Sarah Stegall praised Joshua Jackson and Lance Reddick 's performances , giving Jackson " top honors " as he " once again shows us the fangs behind that cherubic smile " . Stegall also noted the allusions to The X @-@ Files , which included an episode playing during the first shapeshifter 's transformation , " Which is fine , as far as I 'm concerned . If I can 't have Mulder and Scully , I 'll take Walter and Peter , and even Astrid and Charlie ... I 'm happy to see another show on TV that deals with the unknowable and the possibly fascinating , with an actual budget in hand . If this show started out as X @-@ Files Light , it 's developing some serious weight now . " 
 Michael Phillips of the Los Angeles Times called the show " wholly revised and gleefully self @-@ aware ... a few tons short of a mega @-@ musical – no fake helicopters here , no power ballads saccharine enough to stop Communism in its tracks . " The Hollywood Reporter thought the revival was , " while not perfect , an exhilarating accomplishment " . Variety called it " a bold theatrical operation , an artistic success " . 
 Veterinary professor Byeong Chun Lee took over leadership of the team behind Snuppy . In 2008 , Snuppy became involved in the first known successful breeding between cloned canines , after sperm taken from Snuppy was used to artificially inseminate two cloned females , which resulted in the birth of 10 puppies . Nine of the puppies survived . The SNU team , under Lee , have gone on to successfully clone over 30 dogs and five wolves . After successfully breeding the cloned wolves , Lee claimed that the ability to breed cloned canines makes it possible for working dogs which are usually sterilised before training , such as sniffer dogs and guide dogs , to reproduce . SNU , which claimed to own the patent for the process used to clone Snuppy , formed a license agreement with RNL Bio , a commercial pet cloning company . Hwang entered into a partnership with RNL Bio 's competitor , <unk> International , which caused an ongoing legal battle into who owns the patent rights although Bio Arts withdrew from dog cloning in 2009 . RNL completed the first commercial cloning in August 2008 but ran into financial trouble in 2013 . 
 Waves up to 35 ft ( 11 m ) damaged up to 50 homes across Hawaii and roughly 12 of them being destroyed on Kauai alone . One person was killed on land after being electrocuted by a downed power line . Offshore , a sampan called the Setsu Maru sent a distress call reporting that the boat was sinking 10 miles east of Niihau . All three people aboard the boat were reported dead as a result . In all , damage from the hurricane was estimated at $ 100 @,@ 000 . 
 Altrincham is one of the few towns in North West England with an ice rink , and has had an ice hockey team since 1961 , when Altrincham Ice Rink was built in Broadheath . The Altrincham Aces ( later renamed the Trafford Metros ) played from 1961 until 2003 , when Altrincham Ice Rink closed . The town then had a three @-@ year period without a rink or ice hockey team , until construction of the 2 @,@ 500 capacity Altrincham Ice Dome was completed . Manchester Phoenix , a club having a professional presence in the English Premier Ice Hockey League and an extensive junior development aspect , relocated to the Ice Dome during the 2006 – 07 season , having withdrawn from competition two years earlier due to the high cost of playing matches at Manchester 's MEN Arena . In 2009 the Manchester Phoenix English National Ice Hockey League team was renamed Trafford Metros , bringing the old Altrincham team 's name back into use . When not being used by Phoenix the Altrincham Ice Dome is open to the public for ice skating . 
 During the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards , Durst performed " Livin ' It Up " , a song from the upcoming album , as a duet with Christina Aguilera . In response to the performance , Filter frontman Richard Patrick was quoted as saying " Fred getting onstage with Christina Aguilera embarrassed us all . " In response to the negative reactions to the performance , Durst remarked , " I already told you guys before , I did it all for the <unk> , man . " In response to Durst 's remark , Aguilera commented , " He got no <unk> . " 
 United States Congressman Larry McDonald from Georgia , who at the time was also the second president of the conservative John Birch Society , was on the flight . Senator Jesse Helms of North Carolina , Senator Steve <unk> of Idaho , and Representative Carroll Hubbard of Kentucky were aboard sister flight KAL 015 , which flew 15 minutes behind KAL 007 ; they were headed , along with McDonald on KAL 007 , to Seoul , South Korea , in order to attend the ceremonies for the thirtieth anniversary of the U.S.-South Korea Mutual Defense Treaty . The Soviets contended former U.S. president Richard Nixon was to have been seated next to Larry McDonald on KAL 007 but that the CIA warned him not to go , according to the New York Post and Telegraph Agency of the Soviet Union ( TASS ) ; this was denied by Nixon . 
 Kali is none other than Brahman . That which is called Brahman is really Kali . She is the Primal Energy . When that Energy remains inactive , I call It Brahman , and when It creates , preserves , or destroys , I call It Shakti or Kali . What you call Brahman I call Kali . Brahman and Kali are not different . They are like fire and its power to burn : if one thinks of fire one must think of its power to burn . If one recognizes Kali one must also recognize Brahman ; again , if one recognizes Brahman one must recognize Kali . Brahman and Its Power are identical . It is Brahman whom I address as Shakti or Kali . 
 A tropical disturbance developed on September 27 within 250 mi ( 400 km ) of the Mexican coastline . The disturbance was upgraded into Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ Three on 0000 UTC September 28 . Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ Three moved west @-@ northwestward , lured poleward by an upper @-@ level trough near northern Mexico . At 0000 UTC September 30 , the depression became Tropical Storm Paine , southwest of Acapulco . Roughly 21 hours later , a NOAA Hurricane Hunter flight found winds of 90 mph ( 145 km / h ) , upgrading Paine into hurricane . The hurricane peaked as a Category 2 hurricane on October 1 as it turned northwest , headed towards the Gulf of California . Hurricane Paine did not intensify further due to the presence of mid @-@ level wind shear and dry air . The outer eyewall moved across Cabo San Lucas , and the resultant land interaction was believed to have slightly weakened the inner core of the hurricane . Paine moved ashore near San José , Sonora with winds of 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) . The storm weakened as it moved over land going through Mexico and then entering the United States . Paine dissipated on October 4 over Lake Michigan . 
 There are several companies in the U.S. offering conversions . The most common conversions have been from hybrid electric cars to plug @-@ in hybrid , but due to the different technology used in hybrids by each carmaker , the easiest conversions are for 2004 – 2009 Toyota Prius and for the Ford Escape / Mercury Mariner Hybrid . 
 A number of other artists also joined the Skagen Painters for shorter periods . From Denmark they included Vilhelm Kyhn , Einar Hein and Frederik Lange , from Norway Frits Thaulow , Charles <unk> and Wilhelm Peters , from Sweden Wilhelm von <unk> and Anna Palm de Rosa , from Germany Fritz Stoltenberg and Julius Runge , and from England Adrian Stokes and his Austrian @-@ born wife , Marianne Stokes . The Danish composer Carl Nielsen and his wife Anne Marie , a sculptor , also spent summers in Skagen and eventually bought a summerhouse there . 
 Like her brothers and sisters , Hańska was educated by her parents about family lineage and religion . Her mother was a devout Catholic , but her father also taught the children about Voltairian rationality . The family was secluded in Pohrebyszcze , with only occasional trips away . Once a year , the family visited Kiev for a market gathering , during which Rzewuski sold grain and her mother purchased clothing and supplies for the estate . 
 The city 's name Tubas derives from the Canaanite word Tuba <unk> or " illuminating star " . Tubas was identified by Edward Robinson to be the Canaanite / Israelite town of " Thebez " mentioned in the Bible . Thebez was ruled by the Israelite King Abimelech of Shechem . When the people of Shechem ( at that time a Canaanite city ) revolted against him , Thebez joined the revolt . A Biblical story relates that Abimelech attempted to destroy Thebez in response to its participation in the revolt and when he and his army attacked a tower in the town , a woman hurled a millstone at Abimelech , killing him . 
 " The new building embodied the soaring expectations of the reform movement , as well as providing the material comforts of a middle @-@ class social club . Its two @-@ story dining @-@ lecture hall , complete with balcony and private eating chambers , accommodated over two hundred for the weekly luncheon talks on social and political issues of the day . ... Architect and club member Irving K. Pond declared that ' every line of the building illustrated some phase of the uplift movement . ' " 
 By 1967 , Parker 's contracts with Presley gave him 50 percent of most of the singer 's earnings from recordings , films , and merchandise . Beginning in February 1972 , he took a third of the profit from live appearances ; a January 1976 agreement entitled him to half of that as well . Priscilla Presley noted that , " Elvis detested the business side of his career . He would sign a contract without even reading it . " Presley 's friend Marty Lacker regarded Parker as a " hustler and a con artist . He was only interested in ' now money ' — get the buck and get gone . " 
 in which the low G ♯ is a major third above the low E of standard tuning . Consequently , a seventh string for the low E is often added to restore the standard E @-@ E range . While M3 tuning can use standard sets of guitar strings , specialized string gauges have been recommended . Besides this M3 tuning , which has the open notes { G ♯ , C , E } , there are exactly three other M3 tunings , which have distinct sets of open @-@ note pitch classes . The other major @-@ thirds tunings respectively have the open notes { A , C ♯ , F } , { A ♯ , D , F ♯ } , and { B , D ♯ , G } . For six @-@ string guitars , the M3 tuning 
 In 1942 , J. Reuben Clark — an LDS apostle and a member of the church 's First Presidency — said that " You and I have heard all our lives that the time may come when the Constitution may hang by a thread .... I do know that whether it shall live or die is now in the balance . " Regarding the Constitution , Clark went on to cite its " free institutions " , separation of powers , and the Bill of Rights . He added that " if we are to live as a Church , and progress , and have the right to worship ... we must have the great guarantees that are set up by our Constitution . " 
 Solomon did not give up his ambitions even after his abdication . He was arrested for plotting against his cousin , then held in captivity in Visegrád . He was released " on the occasion of the canonization of King St. Stephen and the blessed Emeric the confessor " around 17 August 1083 . According to Hartvik 's Legend of King Saint Stephen , King Ladislaus ordered Solomon 's release , because nobody could open the grave of the saintly king until Solomon was held in captivity . 
 In early October 1914 , Kitchener sent for Trenchard and tasked him with providing a battle @-@ worthy squadron forthwith . The squadron was to be used to support land and naval forces seeking to prevent the German flanking manoeuvres during the Race to the Sea . On 7 October , only 36 hours later , No. 6 Squadron flew to Belgium , the first of many additional squadrons to be provided . 
 Madsen et al . ( 2006 ) showed that most of the Eocene and subsequent magmatism from Alaska to Oregon " is explainable in terms of ridge subduction and slab window tectonics . " That is , a slab window — and a single subducted ridge can give rise to multiple slab windows — can provide adequate magmatism without having to invoke a hotspot ( mantle plume ) . ( So much so that it has been suggested that the Yellowstone hotspot may have been initiated by a slab window . ) Mantle plumes and slab windows both feature voluminous magmatism ; the main difference is that slab windows would form only where the spreading ridge is subducted . This implies formation at the continental margin , and then rifting , in the manner of the second class of models . 
 " The conflagration at the house occupied by the woman Lalaurie .. " ( PDF ) . New Orleans Bee . April 11 , 1834 . – The relevant text appears at the top @-@ left of the linked scan . A transcript of this article can be found here for ease of reading . 
 The book took two years to finish . Eisner worked through a variety of approaches and styles , and toyed with using color , overlays , or washes , before settling on a hard @-@ lined style printed in sepia . As he had no deadline , he reworked and resequenced the stories until he was satisfied . 
 The book ends with Angelou 's decision to return to America . At the airport , a group of her friends and associates , including Guy , are present to wish her farewell as she leaves . She metaphorically connects her departure from the African continent with the forced enslavement of her ancestors and her departure from Guy . 
 Bootlegs should not be confused with counterfeit or unlicensed recordings , which are merely unauthorised duplicates of officially released recordings , often attempting to resemble the official product as close as possible . Some record companies have considered that any record issued outside of their control , and for which they do not receive payment , to be a counterfeit , which includes bootlegs . However , some bootleggers are keen to stress that the markets for bootleg and counterfeit recordings are different , and a typical consumer for a bootleg will have bought most or all of that artist 's official releases anyway . 
 Shortly after the prorogation , without the means in the foreseeable future to raise funds from Parliament for a European war , or the influence of Buckingham , Charles made peace with France and Spain . The following eleven years , during which Charles ruled England without a Parliament , are referred to as the personal rule or the " eleven years ' tyranny " . Ruling without Parliament was not exceptional , and was supported by precedent . Only Parliament , however , could legally raise taxes , and without it Charles 's capacity to acquire funds for his treasury was limited to his customary rights and prerogatives . 
 " Moment of Surrender " is played in common time at a tempo of 87 beats per minute in a key of A minor . The song makes use of the conventional verse @-@ chorus form . The song begins with an uneven percussion loop , before an ambient synthesiser fades in and the drums enter at 0 : 08 . A cello part joins and the synthesiser plays the chord progression C – Am – F – C – G – E – D7 . At the end of the progression , 47 seconds into the song , the intensity of the <unk> rises before an organ , bass guitar , and piano subsequently enter . At 1 : 16 , Bono 's vocals enter and the first verse begins , lasting three stanzas . After the first chorus concludes and the second verse begins at 2 : 59 , the Edge begins playing a guitar riff . The second verse lasts two stanzas . After the second chorus , a piano interlude begins , with Lanois contributing pedal steel . The Edge begins a slide guitar solo at 4 : 59 that many critics compared to the playing style of Pink Floyd 's David Gilmour . After the third chorus ends at 6 : 11 , " Oh @-@ oh @-@ <unk> " vocals and a guitar figure bring the song to its conclusion . 
 Thatcher 's term of office was marked by proposals for more local education authorities to close grammar schools and to adopt comprehensive secondary education . Although she was committed to a tiered secondary modern @-@ grammar school system of education and was determined to preserve grammar schools , during her tenure as Education Secretary she turned down only 326 of 3 @,@ 612 proposals for schools to become comprehensives ; the proportion of pupils attending comprehensive schools consequently rose from 32 per cent to 62 per cent . 
 By 1950 , the collection had long since outgrown the Grant Library , and books were stored in almost all campus buildings . The lack of adequate space in the Grant Library lead to the location of libraries in other buildings on campus during the 1950s . The Physical Science Library was housed in the Eyring Science Center from the opening of that building in 1950 . In 1957 when the Joseph F. Smith Family Living Center was opened , it contained the life science library on the first floor and the music library on the third floor . The pre @-@ 1940 bound periodicals were being stored in the basement of BYU 's Joseph Smith Memorial Building . The reserve library was located in the David O. McKay Building , while the attics of the Maeser Building and the women 's gymnasium used for storage as well as a warehouse in downtown Provo . 
 According to the Nielsen Media Research , " Argus " was watched by 5 @.@ 439 million households in its original American broadcast . It earned a 2 @.@ 7 rating / 8 share in the 18 – 49 demographic , meaning that it was seen by 2 @.@ 7 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds , and 8 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds watching television at the time of the broadcast . This was an increase from the previous episode , " Khonani " , which was watched by 5 @.@ 182 million American viewers . " Argus " won its timeslot in the 18 – 34 male demographic winning with a 3 @.@ 2 rating beating the competition by a 1 @.@ 3 rating . 
 Born and raised in Acton , west London , Friday was scouted , but not retained , by four professional clubs during his teenage years . He appeared for local semi @-@ professional sides in the Isthmian League until he joined Charlie Hurley 's Fourth Division Reading team in 1974 — quickly becoming a key player , he helped Reading to win promotion to the Third Division during the 1975 – 76 season . As his drug habit intensified , Friday 's form began to dip in the first half of the 1976 – 77 season , leading Reading to sell him to Second Division side Cardiff City around the New Year . Friday travelled to join his new team by train without a valid ticket and had to be bailed by the Cardiff manager Jimmy Andrews before he signed for the club . He performed strongly on his debut , but afterwards his form declined and his personal life caused him to repeatedly miss matches altogether . Following a number of incidents , on and off the field — including kicking Mark Lawrenson in the face mid @-@ game — Friday retired from football in December 1977 , aged 25 . He died in Acton in 1990 , aged 38 , after suffering a heart attack . 
 On October 18 , 2010 , jury selection commenced in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia before Judge Gerald I. Fisher . Assistant U.S. Attorney Fernando <unk> @-@ Sanchez presented the names of potential witnesses for the trial , including FBI agent Brad Garrett and the two women whom Guandique was convicted of assaulting . At the start of the trial , the prosecution 's case was expected to take around four weeks and the defense was expected to take one day . On October 25 and 26 , Halle Shilling and Christy Wiegand testified about being attacked by Guandique while independently jogging in Rock Creek Park . Wiegand recounted that Guandique grabbed her from behind , dragged her down a ravine and held a knife against her face . 
 Later reviews of Ramones tended to praise the album 's influence on rock music . In 2001 , April Long of NME rewarded the album with a perfect score , remarking that the Ramones were " arguably the most influential band ever , " despite their lack of mainstream acceptance . Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic also deemed the album influential , saying " In comparison to some of the music the album inspired , The Ramones sounds a little tame — it 's a little too clean , and compared to their insanely fast live albums , it even sounds a little slow . " The album 's sound was considered by Erlewine to be " all about speed , hooks , stupidity , and simplicity . " 
 Michael D. C. Drout similarly describes the essay 's importance and arguments , writing that it 
 The radar contacts were , in fact , the approaching 31 Japanese torpedo bombers , who circled around to the south of TF 18 so that they could attack from the east , with the black backdrop of the eastern sky behind them . From this direction , the Japanese bombers were hidden by the night sky , but Giffen 's ships were silhouetted against the twilight of the western horizon . The 705AG aircraft attacked first , beginning at 19 : 19 . Nakamura 's aircraft missed with all of their torpedoes and one was shot down by anti @-@ aircraft fire from Giffen 's ships . 
 On January 11 , 1771 , he was recommended to the King 's Bench Prison . Although he was in prison , Charles Burney purchased the " Rules " ( allowing him some freedom ) in order to help make Smart 's final weeks peaceful although pathetic . In his final letter , written to Rev. Mr. Jackson , Smart begged for three shillings in order to purchase food . Soon after , Smart died , May 20 , 1771 , from either liver failure or pneumonia , after completing his final work , Hymns , for the Amusement of Children . 
 Modernisation of tailoring continued in 1969 with Nutters of Savile Row . Nutters of Savile Row was opened on Valentine 's Day 1969 by Tommy Nutter and Edward Sexton , who had worked together at Donaldson , Williamson & Ward . Financially backed by Cilla Black and Peter Brown of the Beatles Apple Corps , Nutters used bold window displays , created by the then unknown Simon Doonan ; and clients included the Beatles , Mick Jagger , Elton John , and Andrew Lloyd Webber . Nutter left the company in 1976 and went to work at Kilgour . He died in 1992 . 
 At the level of the aortic arch , the distribution of blood likely to carry bubbles to neurological tissue such as the brain or the spinal cord . 
 In Clapham , The Grand , originally the Grand Palace of Varieties ( 1900 ) , has been restored , but its interior reflects its modern use as a music venue and nightclub . The Greenwich Theatre was originally the Rose and Crown Music Hall ( 1855 ) , and later became ' Crowder 's Music Hall and Temple of Varieties ' . The building has been extensively modernised and little of the original layout remains . 
 In Japan , Typhoon Helen produced torrential rain , peaking at 790 mm ( 31 in ) in Hokkaido , and damaging winds that caused widespread damage . A total of 4 @,@ 213 homes were destroyed and another 146 @,@ 547 were damaged as a result of flash flooding and landslides . Numerous vessels ran aground due to rough seas associated with the storm , including several thousand ton cargo freighters . In all , 87 fatalities and $ 102 million in damage was attributed to Typhoon Helen . 
 Among the most significant intellectual figures associated with Romanticism was Thomas Carlyle ( 1795 – 1881 ) , born in Scotland and later a resident of London . He was largely responsible for bringing the works of German Romantics such as Schiller and Goethe to the attention of a British audience . An essayist and historian , he invented the phrase " hero @-@ worship " , lavishing largely uncritical praise on strong leaders such as Oliver Cromwell , Frederick the Great and Napoleon . His The French Revolution : A History ( 1837 ) dramatised the plight of the French aristocracy , but stressed the inevitability of history as a force . With French historian Jules Michelet , he is associated with the use of the " historical imagination " . In Romantic historiography this led to a tendency to emphasise sentiment and identification , inviting readers to sympathise with historical personages and even to imagine interactions with them . In contrast to many continental Romantic historians , Carlyle remained largely pessimistic about human nature and events . He believed that history was a form of prophecy that could reveal patterns for the future . In the late nineteenth century he became one of a number of Victorian sage writers and social commentators . 
 Inability to secure the airway , with subsequent failure of oxygenation and ventilation is a life @-@ threatening complication which if not immediately corrected leads to decreased oxygen content , brain damage , cardiovascular collapse , and death . When performed improperly , the associated complications ( e.g. , unrecognized esophageal intubation ) may be rapidly fatal . Without adequate training and experience , the incidence of such complications is high . The case of Andrew Davis Hughes , from Emerald Isle , NC is a widely known case in which the patient was improperly intubated and , due to the lack of oxygen , suffered severe brain damage and died . For example , among paramedics in several United States urban communities , unrecognized esophageal or <unk> intubation has been reported to be 6 % to 25 % . Although not common , where basic emergency medical technicians are permitted to intubate , reported success rates are as low as 51 % . In one study , nearly half of patients with misplaced tracheal tubes died in the emergency room . Because of this , recent editions of the American Heart Association 's Guidelines for <unk> Resuscitation have de @-@ emphasized the role of tracheal intubation in favor of other airway management techniques such as bag @-@ valve @-@ mask ventilation , the laryngeal mask airway and the <unk> . 
 Downtown Providence has numerous 19th @-@ century mercantile buildings in the Federal and Victorian architectural styles , as well as several post @-@ modern and modernist buildings , located throughout the area . In particular , a fairly clear spatial separation appears between the areas of pre @-@ 1980s development and post @-@ 1980s development . West Exchange Street and Exchange Terrace serve as rough boundaries between the two . 
 Sharpe achieved national recognition as an architectural historian . He published books of detailed architectural drawings , wrote a number of articles on architecture , devised a scheme for the classification of English Gothic architectural styles , and in 1875 was awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects . He was critical of much of the restoration of medieval churches that had become a major occupation of contemporary architects . Towards the end of his career Sharpe organised expeditions to study and draw buildings in England and France . While on such an expedition to Italy in 1877 , he was taken ill and died . His body was taken to Lancaster , where he was buried . Sharpe 's legacy consists of about 40 extant churches ; railway features , including the Conwy Valley Line and bridges on what is now the Lancashire section of the West Coast Main Line ; and his archive of architectural books , articles and drawings . 
 Mixing – Rob Kinelski 
 Tropical Storm Hermine was the eighth tropical cyclone and named storm of the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season . Hermine developed from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on September 5 . The wave moved westward across the Atlantic Ocean , and on entering the northwest Caribbean interacted with other weather systems . The resultant system was declared a tropical depression on September 17 in the central Gulf of Mexico . The storm meandered north slowly , and after being upgraded to a tropical storm made landfall on Louisiana , where it quickly deteriorated into a tropical depression again on September 20 . 
 Charles T. Hinde ( July 12 , 1832 – March 10 , 1915 ) was an American industrialist , tycoon , riverboat captain , businessman , and entrepreneur . He managed many businesses and invested in numerous business ventures over the course of his life . Hinde served in executive leadership positions in the river navigation , shipping , railroad , and hotel businesses . By his late forties , Hinde had already amassed a great fortune from his work in the steamboat and railroad industries . 
 During the period 479 – 461 , the mainland Greek states were at least outwardly at peace with each other , even if divided into pro @-@ Spartan and pro @-@ Athenian factions . The Hellenic alliance still existed in name , and since Athens and Sparta were still allied , Greece achieved a modicum of stability . However , over this period , Sparta became increasingly suspicious and fearful of the growing power of Athens . It was this fear , according to Thucydides , which made the second , larger ( and more famous ) Peloponnesian War inevitable . 
 The Nazi Party won the special federal election of 1932 . After a series of unsuccessful cabinets , Hindenburg appointed Adolf Hitler as Chancellor of Germany in 1933 . After the Reichstag fire , a decree abrogated basic civil rights and within weeks the first Nazi concentration camp at Dachau opened . The Enabling Act of 1933 gave Hitler unrestricted legislative power ; subsequently , his government established a centralised totalitarian state , withdrew from the League of Nations following a national referendum , and began military rearmament . 
 Kepler @-@ 11 is a G @-@ type star in the Cygnus constellation . With a mass of .95 Msun , a radius of 1 @.@ 1 Rsun , a measured metallicity of 0 , and an effective temperature of 5680 K , Kepler @-@ 11 is near in mass ( 95 % of Sun ) , radius ( 110 % of Sun ) , and iron content as the Sun . Metallicity has been observed to play a major role determining the type of planet a star forms . As metal @-@ rich gas clouds tend to cause planetary cores to aggregate to a gravitationally prominent size while primordial gases still exist in the system , gas giants tend to form under such conditions . It is also slightly cooler than the Sun . However , it is estimated to be eight ( ± two ) billion years old , far older than the Sun is . Kepler @-@ 11 is host to five other planets other than Kepler @-@ 11d : Kepler @-@ 11b , Kepler @-@ 11c , Kepler @-@ 11e , Kepler @-@ 11f , and Kepler @-@ 11g . The first five planets in the system have orbits that would collectively fit inside the orbit of planet Mercury , while Kepler @-@ 11g orbits at a considerably further distance in relation to the orbits of its inner counterparts . 
 The interior of the machine was very complicated and designed to mislead those who observed it . When opened on the left , the front doors of the cabinet exposed a number of gears and cogs similar to clockwork . The section was designed so that if the back doors of the cabinet were open at the same time one could see through the machine . The other side of the cabinet did not house machinery ; instead it contained a red cushion and some removable parts , as well as brass structures . This area was also designed to provide a clear line of vision through the machine . Underneath the robes of the Turkish model , two other doors were hidden . These also exposed clockwork machinery and provided a similarly unobstructed view through the machine . The design allowed the presenter of the machine to open every available door to the public , to maintain the illusion . 
 In the 16th @-@ century the mosque was restored after apparent damage in the previous century ; the Ottomans commissioned its restoration and also built six other mosques in the city . They had been in control of Palestine since 1517 . The interior bears an inscription of the name of the Ottoman governor of Gaza , Musa Pasha , brother of deposed Husayn Pasha , dating from 1663 . 
 Blandy ordered Warren to explain his position to 1 @,@ 400 skeptical officers and sailors . Some found him persuasive , but it was August 9 before he convinced Blandy . That was the date when Blandy realized , for the first time , that Geiger counters could not detect plutonium . Blandy was aware of the health problems of radium dial painters who ingested microscopic amounts of radium in the 1920s , and the fact that plutonium was assumed to have a similar biological effect . When plutonium was discovered in the captain 's quarters of Prinz Eugen , unaccompanied by fission products , Blandy realized that plutonium could be anywhere . 
 Antestor 
 The incident was notable for water bombs thrown from the executive floor , which housed the Young & Rubicam advertising agency . The two water balloons struck 19 @-@ year @-@ old James Hill , who slipped and fell on pavement , but was not seriously hurt . The other hit 9 @-@ year @-@ old Mike Robinson . His mother , Mrs. Esme Robinson , along with other Black protestors and a New York Times reporter , came to the executive floor to complain . Mike Robinson , Esme Robinson , protestor Vivian Harris , and Times reporter John Kifner were all portrayed in the opening scene . The dialogue in the scene was also taken directly from the original article . Vivian Harris originally said the , " And they call us savages " line , which television critic Mike Hale called " unfortunately <unk> " and fellow critic Matt Zoller Seitz called " a terrible line " when they reviewed the premiere , apparently unaware that it was a real quote . On the day of the real event , Young & Rubicam office manager Frank Coppola apologized to the women for the incident , saying that " we have 1 @,@ 600 people in this building and I can 't control all of them . I 've ordered all of the windows closed and I have men patrolling all the floors to make sure this doesn 't happen again . " Coppola 's assurance that the windows were closed is similar to character Don Draper 's idea of " Our windows don 't open " in Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce 's mocking want ad seen later in the episode . 
 In November 2010 , the Accident Investigation Board Norway criticized the braking system of the trains . During 2009 , there were 83 incidents where trains with locked wheels slid down steep sections of track . The Accident Investigation Board found that the metro had conducted insufficient testing of the braking system on steep slippery lines , had not adjusted the brakes satisfactorily , and had not maintained the trains and tracks sufficiently . In December 2010 , Oslo Vognselskap ordered another 32 three @-@ car units , bringing the total order up to 115 three @-@ car units . The last trains will be delivered in 2012 . There was political disagreement regarding the final purchase , with the Liberal Party and socialist opposition securing a majority for the purchase , while the right @-@ winged parties voted to order 19 units . The extra trains will make it possible to run all lines except the Holmenkollen Line ( Line 1 ) with six @-@ car lines , compared to a situation with only three @-@ car trains on the Lambertseter Line , the Ring Line and the Kolsås Line ( lines 4 and 6 ) would only use three @-@ car trains . 
 Not all those who are commemorated on the Greece runestones were necessarily members of the Varangian Guard , and some may have gone to Greece as merchants or died there while passing by on a pilgrimage . The fact that a voyage to Greece was associated with great danger is testified by the fact that a woman had a runestone made in memory of herself before she departed on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem : " <unk> <unk> had runes graven for herself ; she would go East and out to Jerusalem . <unk> carved the runes . " However , Blöndal and Benedikz ( 2007 ) state that although there were other reasons for going to Greece , it is certain that most of the runestones were made in memory of members of the Varangian Guard who died there . Still , some runestones tell of men who returned with increased wealth , and an inscription on a boulder in Ed was commissioned by a former captain of the Guard , Ragnvaldr . 
 " Family Goy " contained various cultural references . The episode opens with a parody of the opening sequence of The All @-@ New Super Friends Hour , with the central characters of Family Guy replacing The All @-@ New Super Friends Hour 's main characters , except for Meg . When Peter first sees the Kathy Ireland cutout , he starts to sing the Billy Ocean song , " Suddenly " . As Lois collects the mail Peter attempts to shoot her , topless and armed with a sniper rifle , but instead hits the mailbox which is reminiscent of a scene in Schindler 's List of Amon Göth shooting down Jews in the Kraków @-@ Płaszów concentration camp in occupied Poland . Stewie 's prayer over the candles is a real prayer that women recite before a non @-@ Sabbath festival 's start , however , the prayer turns into a reference to the 1984 adventure film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom where Indian priest Mola Ram takes out the heart of a man during a ritual . Peter references William Shakespeare 's play Macbeth , but the cutaway gag shows a battle in a spaceship , to which Peter admits that he is not very familiar with Shakespeare 's works . 
 The writer of the scenario is unknown , but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan . He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions . The film director is unknown , but it may have been Barry O 'Neil or Lucius J. Henderson . Cameramen employed by the company during this era included Blair Smith , Carl Louis Gregory , and Alfred H. Moses , Jr. though none are specifically credited . The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions . The cast credits are unknown , but many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary . In late 1910 , the Thanhouser company released a list of the important personalities in their films . The list includes G.W. Abbe , Justus D. Barnes , Frank H. Crane , Irene Crane , Marie Eline , Violet Heming , Martin J. Faust , Thomas Fortune , George Middleton , Grace Moore , John W. Noble , Anna Rosemond , Mrs. George Walters . 
 Published by Windswept Pacific Music Ltd / PolyGram Music Publishing Ltd . 
 In March 1966 , Merckx entered his first major stage race as a professional rider , the Paris – Nice . He took the race lead for a single stage before losing it to Jacques Anquetil and eventually coming in fourth overall . Milan – San Remo , his first participation in one of cycling 's Monuments , was the next event on the calendar for Merckx . There , he succeeded in staying with the main field as the race entered the final climb of the Poggio . He attacked on the climb and reduced the field to a group of eleven , himself included . Merckx was advised by his manager to hold off on sprinting full @-@ out to the finish line until as late as possible . Three other riders reached the line with him ; Merckx , however , beat them in the sprint . In the following weeks , he raced the Tour of Flanders and Paris – Roubaix , the most important cobbled classics ; in the former he crashed and in the latter he had a punctured tire . At the 1966 UCI Road World Championships he finished twelfth in the road race after suffering a cramp in the closing kilometers . He finished 1966 season with a total of 20 wins , including his first stage race win at the Tour of Morbihan . 
 No formal declaration of war was immediately made . French Foreign Minister Georges Bonnet stated that France could do nothing until its parliament met on the evening of 2 September . In fact , Bonnet was trying to rally support for a Munich @-@ style summit proposed by the Italians to be held on 5 September . The British Cabinet , however , demanded that Hitler be given an ultimatum at once , and if troops were not withdrawn by the end of 2 September , that war be declared forthwith . Chamberlain and Halifax were convinced by Bonnet 's pleas from Paris that France needed more time for mobilisation and evacuation , and postponed the expiration of the ultimatum ( which had in fact not yet been served ) . The House of Commons received Chamberlain 's lengthy statement , which made no mention of an ultimatum , badly . Greenwood rose to " speak for the working classes " . Conservative backbencher Leo Amery urged Greenwood to " Speak for England , Arthur " , implying that the Prime Minister was not so speaking . Chamberlain replied that telephone difficulties were making it hard to communicate with Paris and tried to dispel fears that the French were weakening . He had little success ; too many members knew of Bonnet 's efforts . National Labour MP and diarist Harold Nicolson later wrote , " In those few minutes he flung away his reputation . " The seeming delay gave rise to fears Chamberlain would again seek a settlement with Hitler . Chamberlain 's last peacetime Cabinet met at 11 : 30 that night , with a thunderstorm raging outside , and determined that the ultimatum would be presented in Berlin at nine o 'clock the following morning — to expire two hours later prior to the House of Commons convening at noon . At 11 : 15 a.m. , Chamberlain addressed the nation by radio stating that the United Kingdom was at war with Germany : 
 Beatrice fell in love with Prince Henry of Battenberg , the son of Prince Alexander of Hesse and by Rhine and Julia von Hauke and brother @-@ in @-@ law of her niece Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine . After a year of persuasion , Queen Victoria agreed to the marriage , which took place at Whippingham on the Isle of Wight on 23 July 1885 . Queen Victoria consented on condition that Beatrice and Henry make their home with her and that Beatrice continue her duties as the Queen 's unofficial secretary . The Prince and Princess had four children , but 10 years into their marriage , on 20 January 1896 , Prince Henry died of malaria while fighting in the Anglo @-@ Asante War . Beatrice remained at her mother 's side until Queen Victoria died on 22 January 1901 . Beatrice devoted the next 30 years to editing Queen Victoria 's journals as her designated literary executor and continued to make public appearances . She died at 87 , outliving all her siblings , two of her children , and several nieces and nephews including George V and Wilhelm II . 
 Bird predation of the adult cicada is common , with wrens and grey fantails , noisy miners , blue @-@ faced honeyeaters , little wattlebirds , grey and pied butcherbirds , magpie @-@ larks , Torresian crows , white @-@ faced herons and even the nocturnal tawny frogmouth , all reported as significant predators . The <unk> and bearded dragons have been observed feeding on emerging nymphs , however total nymphal mortality is estimated at under 10 % . 
 The sermon is properly titled " A Sermon on the Wretched Conditions of Ireland " . Its introductory passage from scripture comes from Psalms 144 : 14 – 15 – " That there be no complaining in our streets . Happy is the people that is in such a case . " 
 Head of Education : Kathleen <unk> 
 Zou Cou was selected to fill the role of Han proxy ruler because he was the only member of the Minyue royal family who refused to take part in the war against Nanyue . However , his efforts to exert control over the people of Minyue were not successful . The subjects of the kingdom pledged their loyalty to Zou Yushan instead . Yushan declared himself king of Minyue without the consent of the Emperor Wu , the Han ruler . The emperor was informed of Yushan 's actions , and recognized him as king of Dongyue instead of ordering a second invasion . Emperor Wu considered it a reward to Yushan for killing Zou Ying and ending the war . The assassination had prevented the Han from wasting any more resources on the conflict . Dongyue had an uneasy relationship with the Han . In 112 BC , Han officials were killed in a military engagement with Dongyue . 
 The study of plants is vital because they underpin almost all animal life on Earth by generating a large proportion of the oxygen and food that provide humans and other organisms with aerobic respiration with the chemical energy they need to exist . Plants , algae and cyanobacteria are the major groups of organisms that carry out photosynthesis , a process that uses the energy of sunlight to convert water and carbon dioxide into sugars that can be used both as a source of chemical energy and of organic molecules that are used in the structural components of cells . As a by @-@ product of photosynthesis , plants release oxygen into the atmosphere , a gas that is required by nearly all living things to carry out cellular respiration . In addition , they are influential in the global carbon and water cycles and plant roots bind and stabilise soils , preventing soil erosion . Plants are crucial to the future of human society as they provide food , oxygen , medicine , and products for people , as well as creating and preserving soil . 
 Point Stephens Light is an active lighthouse located on Point Stephens , a point on an unnamed headland at the east of Fingal Bay , 4 @.@ 25 km ( 2 @.@ 64 mi ) south of the entrance of Port Stephens , New South Wales , Australia . It serves in assisting vessels entering Port Stephens . It is considered an endangered lighthouse due to remote location and old age . 
 After the success of Pee @-@ wee 's Big Adventure , Burton was sent several scripts and became disheartened by their lack of imagination and originality . When he was sent Michael McDowell 's original script for Beetlejuice , Burton agreed to direct , although Larry Wilson and later Warren Skaaren were hired to rewrite it . Beetlejuice was a critical and commercial success , grossing $ 73 @.@ 7 million from a budget of $ 15 million . It won the Academy Award for Best Makeup and three Saturn Awards : Best Horror Film , Best Makeup and Best Supporting Actress for Sylvia Sidney , her final award before her death in 1999 . 
 Lawson met journalist John Diamond in 1986 , when they were both writing for The Sunday Times . They married in Venice in 1992 and have a daughter , Cosima and a son , Bruno . Diamond was diagnosed with throat cancer in 1997 and died in March 2001 , aged 47 . One of his last messages to Lawson was , " How proud I am of you and what you have become . The great thing about us is that we have made us who we are . " His death occurred during the filming of Nigella Bites ; " I took a fortnight off . But I 'm not a great believer in breaks " , Lawson explained ; she suffered a bout of depression following the funeral . After Diamond 's death , Lawson kept all of the press clippings in what she called her " <unk> " . 
 When development began in December 2007 , the studio had employed five full @-@ time team members . Development took eight weeks , though creation of the Velociraptor and jeep models had already been started before development began . Other staff were working on the title before then , but two key members were involved in the Independent Games Festival . A teaser trailer was released on January 18 , 2008 ; quickly garnering interest from gaming blogs such as Kotaku and Destructoid . In an interview the developers hinted that a non @-@ free downloadable version with extra content may be produced , or that advertisements may be introduced to the site . The company also revealed plans to continue developing free games with a development time of four to eight weeks . The most popular of these games will be further developed and released on platforms such as WiiWare , PlayStation Network or Xbox Live Arcade . 
 In 2006 Harbhajan 's endorsements generated controversy when he appeared without his turban in an advertisement for Royal Stag whisky . This angered many orthodox Sikhs , leading to anti @-@ Harbhajan protests in the Sikh holy city of Amritsar , with effigies of Harbhajan being burnt . The Sikh clergy and Shiromani Gurdwara <unk> Committee demanded an apology from him and asked Seagram 's to withdraw the advert , on the basis that it had " hurt the feelings of Sikhs " . Harbhajan quickly issued an apology , but he was also unhappy at the clergy 's interference , stating " If they were unhappy , they should have called me and talked to me like a son " . 
 Demolition Plot J @-@ 7 was , like Slay Tracks and the Pa demos , recorded by Gary Young at his Louder Than You Think studios in Stockton . The recording took place on October 16 and October 17 , 1989 . Malkmus was influenced by the rehearsal style of jazz musicians as significant to the EP 's recording , saying " When we start recording , we 're really focused on what we 're doing . We know how it 's going to sound in the studio . We don 't have to worry if it 's sounding good in the rehearsal space . We take those prescriptions from the great jazz people and applied them to our own framework . " 
 The building on Fayette and Holliday Streets had been in a state of decline for two decades . It was not until 1873 , when a fire spread from the Holliday Street Theater to the " Assembly Rooms " , that the City Council dedicated the resources to erect a new building for City College . A lot was acquired on North Howard Street opposite West Centre Street and the Council allocated $ 150 @,@ 000 for the construction of the new building designed by Baltimore architect Edmund G. Lind . The new English Gothic revival @-@ styled building faced east on Howard Street and was dedicated on February 1 , 1875 . The school moved in the following week . 
 Formidable 's air group was reinforced by a dozen Corsairs of 1842 Squadron on 7 August in preparation for further attacks on Tirpitz ( Operation Goodwood ) . The two Corsair squadrons were assigned to No. 6 Naval Fighter Wing aboard the carrier on 14 August . The first attack was on the morning of 22 August when Formidable launched 24 Corsairs and 12 Barracudas against the German battleship and nearby targets , all of which returned . A smoke screen again protected the Tirpitz and no damage was inflicted . Another attack scheduled for the afternoon had to be cancelled because of low clouds . A further attack could not be mounted until 24 August because of bad weather . The carrier contributed 23 Corsairs and 16 Barracudas , and 3 of the fighters were shot down over the target . The Tirpitz was lightly damaged by two bomb hits during this attack . A final attack was made five days later , again without effect . 
 The BLT became popular after World War II because of the rapid expansion of supermarkets , which allowed ingredients to be available year @-@ round . The initials , representing " bacon , lettuce , tomato " , likely began in the American restaurant industry as shorthand for the sandwich , but it is unclear when this transferred to the public consciousness . For example , a 1951 edition of the Saturday Evening Post makes reference to the sandwich , although it does not use its initials , describing a scene in which : " On the tray , invariably , are a bowl of soup , a toasted sandwich of bacon , lettuce and tomato , and a chocolate milk shake . " 
 Oljeitu , also named Mohammad <unk> , was great @-@ grandson of Ilkhanate founder Hulagu , and brother and successor of Ghazan . In his youth he at first converted to Buddhism , and then later to Sunni Islam with his brother Ghazan , and changed his first name to the Islamic Muhammad . In April 1305 , Oljeitu sent letters to Philip IV of France , Pope Clement V , and Edward I of England . As had his predecessors , Oljeitu offered a military collaboration between the Mongols and the Christian nations of Europe , against the Mamluks . European nations prepared a crusade , but were delayed . In the meantime Oljeitu launched a last campaign against the Mamluks ( 1312 – 1313 ) , in which he was unsuccessful . A final settlement with the Mamluks would only be found when Oljeitu 's son Abu Sa 'id signed the Treaty of Aleppo in 1322 . 
 It is injected to treat internal hydrofluoric acid burns . It can be used to treat magnesium intoxication . Calcium chloride injection may antagonize cardiac toxicity as measured by electrocardiogram . It can help to protect the <unk> from dangerously high levels of serum potassium in hyperkalemia . Calcium chloride can be used to quickly treat calcium channel blocker toxicity , from the side effects of drugs such as <unk> ( <unk> ) — helping avoid potential heart attacks . 
 Bolokhoveni , also <unk> , <unk> , or <unk> ( Romanian : <unk> ; Ukrainian : <unk> ) , were a 13th @-@ century ethnic group that resided in the vicinity of the Rus ' principalities of Halych , Volhynia and Kiev . Their ethnic identity is uncertain ; although their ethnonym identifies them as Romanians ( who were called Vlachs in the Middle Ages ) , archeological evidence and the Hypatian Chronicle ( which is the only primary source that documents their history ) suggest that they were a Slavic people . Their princes , or <unk> , were in constant conflict with Daniil Romanovich , Prince of Halych and Volhynia , between 1231 and 1257 . After the Mongols sacked Kiev in 1240 , the Bolokhoveni supplied them with troops , but the Bolokhoveni princes fled to Poland . The Bolokhoveni disappeared after Romanovich defeated them in 1257 . 
 Following the attack on 17 July , the British learned from intercepted German radio transmissions and reports provided by Secret Intelligence Service agents that Tirpitz had not suffered any significant damage . Admiral Moore blamed the failure of Operation Mascot on the inexperience of the aircrew involved in the attack , and criticised the strike leader for not selecting alternative targets after it became clear that Tirpitz could not be accurately bombed . Moore also judged that further attacks on Kaafjord using Barracudas would be futile , as the dive bombers ' slow speed gave the Germans enough time to cover Tirpitz with smoke between the time raids were detected and their arrival over the target area . The Admiralty was hopeful that a strategy of repeatedly striking Kaafjord over a 48 @-@ hour period would wear down the defences , and Moore agreed to attempt another attack . Consideration was also given to flying fast and long @-@ ranged de Havilland Mosquito bombers off the carriers in an attempt to achieve surprise , but none of these land @-@ based aircraft could be spared from supporting the Allied bombing of Germany . 
 The producers found Belton House in Grantham , Lincolnshire the best match for Rosings , Lady Catherine de Bourgh 's estate , which needed to appear " over @-@ the @-@ top " to reflect her <unk> . Old Rectory at <unk> in Rutland was chosen as Hunsford parsonage , Mr Collins 's modest home . <unk> House in south @-@ west Northamptonshire served as the interior and exterior of Bingley 's Netherfield , along with Brocket Hall in Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire as the Netherfield ballroom . The London streets were filmed in Lord Leycester Hospital in Warwick , Warwickshire . Wickham 's and Georgiana 's planned elopement in Ramsgate was filmed in the English seaside resort Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare in Somerset . 
 Rush divided his energies between his business ventures and his sculling contests , organising as well as competing in regattas and ' aquatic carnivals ' , so much so , that he never achieved the solid prosperity of other Clarence River commercial pioneers . He added the Criterion Hotel and a string of race @-@ horses to his business ' empire ' at Rocky Mouth . As a former farm @-@ boy from impoverished Ireland , where he might never have owned even a house plot , Rush now purchased many acres of Clarence River land , much of it having little value . Rush 's Irish background of tenant farming gave little understanding of managing capital , property , or conducting a business career . Rush fits an Irish immigrant model offered by historian Patrick O 'Farrell : 
 The first storm originated on May 21 , and became the strongest recorded storm in the Arabian Sea at the time . The IMD estimated peak 3 minute winds of 215 km / h ( 135 mph ) while the storm was off the west coast of India . The storm weakened greatly before making landfall in Gujarat , and although impact on land was minor , it left up to 950 fishermen missing . A few weeks later , the first Bay of Bengal system originated – a short @-@ lived depression that dropped heavy rainfall upon striking Odisha . After a period of inactivity during the monsoon season , there were cyclonic storms in September and October in the northern Arabian Sea . Both lasted only a few days and dissipated due to unfavorable wind shear . Another cyclonic storm formed in the Bay of Bengal and struck Andhra Pradesh , which dropped heavy rainfall that was equivalent to 300 % of the average October precipitation total . The rains caused flooding , particularly in Cuddapah , where a dam was deliberately opened and inundated the town overnight . There were 153 deaths due to the storm and RS5 billion ( Indian rupees , $ 104 million USD ) in damage . The final storm of the season tracked by the IMD was a short @-@ lived depression in November in the Bay of Bengal . 
 A February 2000 article in The Observer newspaper again insisted that the duo really had burnt one million pounds . " It wasn 't a stunt . They really did it . If you want to rile Bill Drummond , you call him a hoaxer . ' I knew it was real , ' a long @-@ time friend and associate of his group The KLF tells me , ' because afterwards , Jimmy and Bill looked so harrowed and haunted . And to be honest , they 've never really been the same since ' " . 
 Hurricane Helene was the ninth tropical storm , fourth hurricane , and strongest hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season . 
 When Monteverdi composed L 'Orfeo he had a thorough grounding in theatrical music . He had been employed at the Gonzaga court for 16 years , much of it as a performer or arranger of stage music , and in 1604 he had written the ballo Gli <unk> di Diane ed <unk> for the 1604 – 05 Mantua Carnival . The elements from which Monteverdi constructed his first opera score — the aria , the strophic song , recitative , choruses , dances , dramatic musical interludes — were , as conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt has pointed out , not created by him , but " he blended the entire stock of newest and older possibilities into a unity that was indeed new " . Musicologist Robert Donington writes similarly : " [ The score ] contains no element which was not based on precedent , but it reaches complete maturity in that recently @-@ developed form ... Here are words as directly expressed in music as [ the pioneers of opera ] wanted them expressed ; here is music expressing them ... with the full inspiration of genius . " 
 Although no jersey was awarded , there was also a classification for the teams , in which the stage finish times of the best three cyclists per team were added ; the leading team was the one with the lowest total time . There was another team classification that awarded points to each team based off their riding 's finishing position in every stage . The team with the highest total of points was the leader of the classification . 
 The first storm to be uncovered in modern @-@ day reanalysis existed in late August , and ties the July hurricane for the strongest system of the season in terms of maximum sustained winds . Its track is known between August 25 and August 30 , during which time it progressed generally northeasterly from a point northeast of the island of Bermuda to the central northern Atlantic . On August 30 , the Harvest Queen recorded a barometer of 28 @.@ 30 inHg ( 958 hPa ) on August 30 ; this report was a strong indication that the storm had attained hurricane intensity , although the system was likely undergoing its transition into an extratropical cyclone at the time . 
 A few years later , inspired by Madame de Genlis 's Adèle et Théodore ( 1782 ) , Trimmer commissioned sets of illustrations of the Bible for which she provided the commentary ; she also published print / commentary sets of ancient history and British history . These various sets were very popular and could be purchased together ( commentary and prints ) or individually . The prints were usually hung on walls or bound into books . 
 The BT46 appeared for the last time in the Formula One World Championship at the first round of the 1979 season in the hands of Nelson Piquet . Niki Lauda also used the car to qualify for that race , as the new BT48 was proving troublesome , although he did race the new car . Piquet retired on the first lap after a multi @-@ car collision that wrecked the BT46 . 
 An often cited metaphor for naturalness is pu ( simplified Chinese : <unk> ; traditional Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : <unk> , <unk> ; Wade – Giles : p 'u ; lit . " uncut wood " ) , the " <unk> block " , which represents the " original nature ... prior to the imprint of culture " of an individual . It is usually referred to as a state one returns to . 
 In 1864 , Congress authorized a third series of fractional currency notes . The five @-@ cent note was to bear a depiction of " Clark " , but Congress was appalled when the issue came out not with a portrait of William Clark , the explorer , but Spencer M. Clark , head of the Currency Bureau . According to numismatic historian Walter Breen , Congress 's " immediate infuriated response was to pass a law retiring the five @-@ cent denomination , and another to forbid portrayal of any living person on federal coins or currency . " Clark kept his job only because of the personal intervention of Treasury Secretary Salmon P. Chase . 
 Donations from Hoya Blue , the Hoya Hoop Club , the Office of the President , and alumni allowed for the purchase of the current third incarnation of Jack ( born 2003 ) . 
 Geldray died in Palm Springs of natural causes on 2 October 2004 at the age of 88 . 
 On 28 June 2010 , schedule flight to Moscow was launched . 
 On 13 January 1964 , former Pennsylvania Governor George M. Leader announced plans for the memorial , stating that he would serve as the General Chair of a State committee to raise funds . He stated that similar committees would be set up in each State , as well as some additional committees in countries overseas . On 22 November 1964 , the first anniversary of the assassination , the Jewish National Fund sponsored meetings in major Jewish communities throughout the United States . The meetings were described as tributes for the fallen President as well as symbolic dedication ceremonies for the planned memorial . 
 The characters ( and their individual stories ) are grouped into three main sub @-@ plots . Angela and Duran oppose the Dragon Emperor , Hawk and Lise oppose the Dark Prince , and Kevin and Carlie oppose the Masked Mage . The main storyline is determined by the first character chosen , though there is significantly more character interaction and dialogue if the other member of the pair is also in the party . 
 The underwire bra design emerged and took hold in the United States starting in the 1930s . Helene Pons received a patent in 1931 for a brassiere design that incorporated an " open @-@ ended wire loop " that laid flat against the chest , encircling the bottom and sides of each breast . A 1932 patent describes a U @-@ shaped piece of wire used between the cups to keep the breasts separated . A patent issued in 1938 to Pauline Boris describes a " breast support " which used pieces of wire to entirely encircle each breast . In 1940 , Walter Emmett Williams was issued a patent which described a wire framework , shaped like a spiderweb , that encircles and covers each breast to provide support . Although development of the underwire bra started in the 1930s , it did not gain widespread popularity until the 1950s , when the end of World War II freed metal for domestic use . 
 The spoliation of Bavaria led to entreaties from the Elector 's wife , Theresa <unk> Sobieska , for him to divest himself of the French alliance . Although the Elector wavered somewhat in his allegiance to Louis XIV , his resolve to continue fighting against Leopold I and the Grand Alliance was stiffened when news arrived that Tallard 's reinforcements – some 35 @,@ 000 men – would soon be in Bavaria . Marlborough now intensified the policy of devastating the Elector 's territory . On 16 July the Duke wrote to his friend Heinsius , the Grand Pensionary of Holland , " We are advancing into the heart of Bavaria to destroy the country and oblige the Elector one way or the other to a compliance " . The policy compelled the Elector to send 8 @,@ 000 troops from Augsburg to defend his own property , reserving only a fraction of his army to join the French under Marsin and Tallard . But although Marlborough thought it a necessary strategy to secure success , it was of doubtful morality . The Duke himself confessed his reservations to his wife , Sarah , " This is so uneasy to my nature that nothing but an absolute necessity would have obliged me to consent to it . For these poor people suffer only for their master 's ambition . " Accounts differ as to the actual amounts of damage done . De La Colonie thought that reports of the devastation were perhaps exaggerated for propaganda purposes ; yet Christian Davies serving with Hay 's Dragoons wrote , " The allies sent parties on every hand to ravage the country ... We spared nothing , killing , burning or otherwise destroying whatever we could not carry off . " To Historian David Chandler , Marlborough must bear the full responsibility for the destruction , for although he undoubtedly found it hard to stomach it was taken under Baden 's , and the Emperor 's protests . 
 Mo 'Nique as Mary Lee Johnston , Precious 's verbally and physically abusive mother . Mo 'Nique and Daniels had previously worked together in <unk> ( in which her character was named Precious ) . 
 " FINAL FANTASY IX " Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album containing musical tracks from the game , composed , arranged and produced by Nobuo Uematsu . It spans four discs and 110 tracks , covering a duration of 4 : 46 : 31 . It was first released on 30 August 2000 by DigiCube , and subsequently re @-@ released on 10 May 2004 by Square Enix . The lyrics for the theme song to the game , " Melodies of Life " , were written by Hiroyuki Ito for the Japanese version and Alexander O. Smith for the English version . The song was performed in both languages by Emiko Shiratori . 
 Irwin was a passionate conservationist and believed in promoting environmentalism by sharing his excitement about the natural world rather than preaching to people . He was concerned with conservation of endangered animals and land clearing leading to loss of habitat . He considered conservation to be the most important part of his work : " I consider myself a wildlife warrior . My mission is to save the world 's endangered species . " Irwin bought " large tracts of land " in Australia , Vanuatu , Fiji and the United States , which he described as " like national parks " and stressed the importance of people realising that they could each make a difference . 
 After the release of Aguilera 's sixth studio album , Bionic ( 2010 ) , which failed to generate sales , she divorced from her husband Jordan Bratman , made her acting debut in a film called Burlesque and recorded its accompanying soundtrack . The singer then became a coach on NBC 's singing contest show The Voice and appeared as a guest vocalist on Maroon 5 's single " Moves Like Jagger " ( 2011 ) , which spent four weeks atop the US Billboard Hot 100 chart . Following these events , Aguilera announced that she wanted to record her seventh album , stating that she wanted high quality and " personal " songs to record . She revealed that the album would be a " culmination of everything I 've experienced up until this point ... I 've been through a lot since the release of my last album , being on ( The Voice ) , having had a divorce ... This is all sort of a free rebirth for me . " She continued to say that " I 'm embracing many different things , but it 's all feel @-@ good , super @-@ expressive [ and ] super @-@ vulnerable . " She further expressed that the album would be about " self @-@ expression and freedom " because of the personal struggles she had overcome during the last couple of years . 
 Both founders of the University of Alberta , Premier Alexander Cameron Rutherford of Alberta and Henry Marshall Tory , were also McGill alumni . In addition , McGill alumni and professors , Dr. William Osler and Dr. Howard Atwood Kelly , were among the four founders and early faculty members of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine . Osler eventually became the first Physician @-@ in @-@ Chief of the new Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland , USA in 1889 . He led the creation of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1893 . Other McGill alumni founded the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry in the 1880s . 
 The following table compares EPA 's estimated out @-@ of @-@ pocket fuel costs and fuel economy ratings of serial production plug @-@ in hybrid electric vehicles rated by EPA as of May 2016 expressed in miles per gallon gasoline equivalent ( mpg @-@ e ) , versus the most fuel efficient gasoline @-@ electric hybrid car , the 2016 Toyota Prius Eco ( fourth generation ) , rated 56 mpg @-@ US ( 4 @.@ 2 L / 100 km ; 67 mpg @-@ imp ) , and EPA 's average new 2016 vehicle , which has a fuel economy of 25 mpg @-@ US ( 9 @.@ 4 L / 100 km ; 30 mpg @-@ imp ) . The table also shows the fuel efficiency for plug @-@ in hybrids in all @-@ electric mode expressed as KWh / 100 mile , the metric used by EPA to rate electric cars before November 2010 . 
 Louis Rose , 1807 – 1888 , early developer , founder of Roseville 
 According to the International Species Information System , the following zoological parks maintain Ctenosaura bakeri in their exhibits . 
 The military arm of the Polish Underground State consisted primarily of various branches of the Armia Krajowa ( AK ) and , until 1942 , the Union of Armed Struggle . This arm of the state was designed to prepare the Polish society for a future fight for the country 's liberation . Apart from armed resistance , sabotage , intelligence , training , and propaganda , the state 's military arm was responsible for maintaining communication with the London @-@ based government in exile , and for protecting the civilian arm of the state . 
 Moderate calcium intake 
 The central and largest room in the house is the great hall which was the original dining room and the accompanying screens passage which gave access to the hall from the service rooms . The staircase to the north of the hall was added in the 18th century . The state room on the western side of the first floor was damaged by fire in 1882 ; the oak panelling around the fireplace was brought from the Eltons ' former house in Queen Square , Bristol . The chapel on the first floor has a rectangular window with reticulated tracery , which dominates the front of the house . The stained glass in the window was added after the 1882 fire . The justice room has had a variety of uses but takes its name from its function as the manorial court until the 18th century . The house contains many family portraits and other pictures as well as collections of <unk> and Nailsea Glass and prints of bridges and railways . 
 At the 2010 Game Developers Conference , Zynga 's game FarmVille was awarded the " Best New Social / Online Game " at its Game Developers Choice Awards . Ian Bogost ( who was also in attendance ) was critical of Zynga 's success , as he felt that its business model was focused on convincing users to pay money to progress further in their " freemium " games rather than treating gaming as an artistic experience . He also believed Zynga 's vice president Bill Mooney was trying to attack " artistic " gaming during his acceptance speech for the award when he personally invited independent game developers to join his company . After the conference , Bogost coined the term " cow <unk> " to describe games such as FarmVille which only involve performing tasks at certain intervals , since in these games , " you click on a cow , and that ’ s all you do . " Bogost compared the players of Zynga 's games to the rats in B. F. Skinner 's operant conditioning experiment , often receiving variable reinforcement rather than regular rewards . As one of the most vocal critics of Zynga 's practices and business model , Bogost made further appearances at various events and panels to discuss his views on social gaming . 
 The Iron Duke @-@ class battleships had an armour belt that was 305 mm ( 12 @.@ 0 in ) thick in the central area of the ship , where the ammunition magazines , machinery spaces , and other vital parts of the ship were located . The belt tapered down to 102 mm ( 4 @.@ 0 in ) towards the bow and stern . The barbettes that contained the main gun turrets were 254 mm ( 10 @.@ 0 in ) on the sides and 75 mm ( 3 @.@ 0 in ) on the rear , where shells were less likely to hit . The turrets themselves were 280 mm ( 11 in ) thick on the sides . The ships ' armoured deck was between 25 – 65 mm ( 1 – 2 @.@ 5 in ) thick . After the battle of Jutland in May 1916 , some 820 tonnes of armour was added to the ships , primarily to thicken the deck around the main battery turrets , as well as to increase the bulkheads in the ammunition magazines . 
 Gilligan was born in Denmark Hill , an area of Camberwell in London . He was the second of three sons , all of whom played first @-@ class cricket , to Willie Austin Gilligan and Alice Eliza Kimpton . The family had a strong connection with Sussex ; Gilligan followed Sussex County Cricket Club as a child , and later played club cricket there . After attending Fairfield School , he joined Dulwich College in 1906 and remained there until 1914 . He established a sporting reputation in athletics and cricket . In the latter sport , he played in the school first eleven , as did his brothers ; in 1913 , all three boys played in the team . Gilligan played in the eleven between 1911 and 1914 and captained the side in his final two years . In 1914 , he came top of the school batting and bowling averages . Selected to play representative schools cricket at Lord 's Cricket Ground in 1914 , he took ten wickets in total and scored one fifty in the two matches . By the standards of school cricket , his pace was impressive , and Surrey invited him to play for their second eleven during the school holidays of 1913 and 1914 ; his father was a member of that county 's committee , and Gilligan qualified to play through his London birth . 
 Although Theobald was a monk , his episcopal household was not monastic in character . As he settled into the role of archbishop , he seems to have left most of his monastic habits behind , although he continued to have a monk as a companion . His nephews and brother benefited from his nepotism , with his nephews becoming part of his household early in his <unk> . The four nephews — Guillaume , Gilbert , Roger and <unk> — were witnesses to a charter of Theobald 's dated to about 1150 or 1153 . After Theobald 's death , Guillaume was a clerk in Bartholomew , the Bishop of Exeter 's household in around 1172 . 
 <unk> of pregnancy is common and kills many pregnant females . Signs of toxemia include anorexia , lack of energy , excessive salivation , a sweet or fruity breath odor due to ketones , and seizures in advanced cases . Pregnancy toxemia appears to be most common in hot climates . Other serious complications of pregnancy can include a prolapsed uterus , hypocalcaemia , and mastitis . 
 East Carolina started their series on their 41 – yard line . A substitution infraction on ECU and an incomplete pass forced ECU to punt the ball away . On the Broncos ' fourth drive of the second quarter , the team began with three complete passes for 18 yards . On the fourth play , however , BSU 's Titus Young fumbled the ball away . Pirates ' defender Jay Ross recovered the fumble , and ECU had another chance on offense before the end of the first half . East Carolina ran five plays for 38 yards . With the clock running down , ECU elected to kick a field goal . The kick was good , and made the score 31 – 14 ECU . Boise State had one final chance on offense , and Boise Quarterback Taylor Tharp went two @-@ for @-@ four , but ran out of time before coming into field goal range . 
 Makeup artist Baker provided the special makeup effects for The Incredible Melting Man , which included the gradual melting of Steve West . Rebar wore facial appliances that simulated melting flesh , and his hands and feet were fitted with liquid substances that dropped off as he walked , creating the appearance that West 's body was falling apart . During one scene , a murdered fisherman 's severed head falls down a waterfall and smashes on the rocks below . To create the effect , Baker used a gelatin head with a wax skull and fake blood inside , which burst out upon impact . 
 US 206 was designated in the later 1930s , running from US 30 in Hammonton , New Jersey north to US 6 and US 209 in Milford , Pennsylvania . By this time , the US 1 and US 130 designations were removed from the route onto new alignments . In 1938 , US 206 / Route 31 was designated to bypass Somerville , the former alignment was known as Route 177 from the 1960s until 1974 . In the 1940s , US 206 / Route 39 was realigned to the south of White Horse ; the former alignment was known as Route 160 between the 1960s and the 1980s . Also in the 1940s , the northern terminus of US 206 was moved to its current location at US 209 in Dingman Township , Pennsylvania . 
 Lara Croft primarily appears in the Tomb Raider video game series published by Square Enix Europe ( previously Eidos Interactive ) . The action @-@ adventure games feature the protagonist travelling the world in search of rare objects and mystical artefacts . Croft first appeared in the 1996 video game Tomb Raider , in which she competes against a rival archaeologist in search of an Atlantean artifact . Tomb Raider II ( 1997 ) centres on the search for the Dagger of Xian , which is sought by thieves . Tomb Raider III ( 1998 ) focuses on meteorite fragments that endow humans with supernatural powers . In Tomb Raider : The Last Revelation ( 1999 ) , the first depiction of a young Croft , she is accompanied by her mentor , Werner Von Croy . Lara searches for artifacts associated with the Egyptian god Horus , and later encounters Von Croy as an antagonist . In Tomb Raider Chronicles ( 2000 ) , most of the game relates adventures told via flashbacks . The first portable game , Tomb Raider ( 2000 ) , was released on the Game Boy Color , and follows the character 's search for the Nightmare Stone . A second Game Boy Color title , Tomb Raider : Curse of the Sword ( 2001 ) , sees Lara Croft facing off against a cult . The next portable game , Tomb Raider : The Prophecy ( 2002 ) , was released on the Game Boy Advance , and focuses on three magical stones . Tomb Raider : The Angel of Darkness ( 2003 ) was released on home platforms , centring on the murder of Professor Von Croy . 
 While Marco was still spinning in the western Caribbean , the Government of Honduras allotted 70 million HNL ( $ 5 @.@ 6 million 1996 USD ) in emergency assistance . Following the storm , several countries contributed cash toward the recovery of Honduras , including : Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Norway , Spain , the United Kingdom , and the United States ; cash donations collectively totaled slightly more than $ 438 @,@ 000 . In addition , the UN Department of Humanitarian Affairs contributed an emergency grant , worth $ 10 @,@ 000 . Japan donated 40 tents , 10 water purifiers , 480 soaps , and 3 emergency health kits in lieu of money . Norway donated almost $ 71 @,@ 000 worth of food , medicines , and clothing . Spain also contributed medicine and transportation , costing $ 156 @,@ 250 . The United States donated plastic sheeting , water containers , and family food bags . The primary contributor of non @-@ government aid was the Red Cross . After the storm , the Red Cross set up temporary shelters in San Pedro Sula , Puerto Cortés , and El Progreso . Additionally , they distributed 3 @,@ 000 pounds of milk , clothing , 500 sheets , chlorine boxes , 14 @,@ 000 pounds of rice , 15 @,@ 000 pounds of beans and 9 @,@ 000 pounds of maize , sugar , and butter . 
 The exterior of Wells Cathedral presents a relatively tidy and harmonious appearance since the greater part of the building was executed in a single style , Early English Gothic . This is uncommon among English cathedrals where the exterior usually exhibits a plethora of styles . At Wells , later changes in the Perpendicular style were universally applied , such as filling the Early English lancet windows with simple tracery , the construction of a parapet that encircles the roof , and the addition of pinnacles framing each gable , similar to those around the chapter house and on the west front . At the eastern end there is a proliferation of tracery with repeated motifs in the Reticulated style , a stage between Geometric and Flowing Decorated tracery . 
 Banksia attenuata , commonly known as the candlestick banksia , slender banksia or <unk> as known by the Nyoongar Aboriginal people , is a species of plant in the proteaceae family . Commonly a tree , it reaches 10 m ( 33 ft ) high , but is often a shrub in dryer areas 0 @.@ 4 to 2 m ( 1 @.@ 3 to 6 @.@ 6 ft ) high . It has long narrow serrated leaves and bright yellow inflorescences , or flower spikes , held above the foliage , which appear in spring and summer . The flower spikes age to grey and swell with the development of the woody follicles . It is found across much of the southwest of Western Australia , from north of Kalbarri National Park down to Cape Leeuwin and across to Fitzgerald River National Park . 
 The Norte Chico chiefdoms were " almost certainly theocratic , though not brutally so , " according to Mann . Construction areas show possible evidence of feasting , which would have included music and likely alcohol , suggesting an elite able to both mobilize and reward the population . The degree of centralized authority is difficult to ascertain , but architectural construction patterns are indicative of an elite that , at least in certain places at certain times , wielded considerable power : while some of the monumental architecture was constructed incrementally , other buildings , such as the two main platform mounds at Caral , appear to have been constructed in one or two intense construction phases . As further evidence of centralized control , Haas points to remains of large stone warehouses found at <unk> , on the Pativilca , as emblematic of authorities able to control vital resources such as cotton . 
 The PC version of Incoming was generally well @-@ received , with a GameSpot review aggregate score of 8 @.@ 2 / 10 . British magazine PC Zone gave the game a glowing score of 90 % , describing it as " bloody good , " with " some modest simulation elements . " PC Zone praised the setting of the game : " a refreshing change from the deep space of most futuristic combat sims , and something which definitely has a positive effect on gameplay . " The review concluded by saying that " it 's as fun as it looks . Just for once , all those people who don 't read reviews and buy games purely on the strength of pretty pictures on the packaging are gonna find themselves playing a very , very enjoyable game . " 
 Designed without expansion joints , Time is one of a small number of outdoor sculptures made of reinforced pebble / concrete aggregate , few of which have been created since the 1930s . In 1936 , Time 's weather @-@ related cracks were repaired ; further work occurred in 1955 . The sculpture 's subsequent repairs were followed by a rededication celebration in 1966 . Although the sculpture received regular maintenance , early repair crews often did more harm than good , by using techniques such as sandblasting and patching cracks with rigid materials . 
 The ordinance was nevertheless seen as ambiguous in that it did not specifically address the slaves already in the territories , and it discussed the " free " population of the territories seemingly implying that a slave population would exist . French traders in the territories , and later even American army officers ( including Josiah Snelling who commanded his namesake fort ) , continued to hold slaves with the blessings of many in Congress . 
 Barnes 's short career was dominated by his monumental double hundred , but he was a consistent performer , as the chart ( left ) reveals . Age did not seem to diminish his abilities ; in his last eight Test innings , aged 31 – 32 , he passed 50 five times and scored two of his three Test hundreds . 
 Between 1818 and 1820 , she absorbed a considerable amount of drama , reading many of William Shakespeare 's plays , some with Percy . Percy believed that Mary had a talent for dramatic writing , and convinced her to study the great English , French , Latin , and Italian plays as well as dramatic theory . He even sought her advice on his play The Cenci , and she transcribed the manuscript of his drama Prometheus Unbound . The Shelleys also attended operas , ballets , and plays . Percy also encouraged Mary to translate Vittorio Alfieri 's play Mirra ( 1785 ) , a tragedy about father @-@ daughter incest which influenced her own novel Mathilda . 
 The American white ibis was one of the many bird species originally described by Carl Linnaeus in the 1758 10th edition of his Systema Naturae , where it was given the binomial name of <unk> albus . The species name is the Latin adjective albus " white " . Alternative common names that have been used include Spanish curlew and white curlew . English naturalist Mark Catesby mistook immature birds for a separate species , which he called the brown curlew . Local creole names in Louisiana include bec <unk> and petit <unk> . 
 Jean Terrell ( 1970 – 73 ) 
 The Angel of Darkness was unveiled under its official name in March 2002 , with a fuller demonstration appearing at E3 that year . Problems with the game were sensed at an early stage , as Heath @-@ Smith forgot himself and began swearing at the game while trying to demonstrate the opening level at a buyer 's conference . A release date was announced for November 2002 , but the game got delayed into spring 2003 . Eidos believed The Angel of Darkness would benefit from additional marketing support from Lara Croft Tomb Raider : The Cradle of Life , the sequel to the original 2001 movie . Despite the delays , the company pushed Core Design to release the game in time for the marketing support . In order to meet the deadline , areas of the game containing key narrative elements had to be cut ; one of the losses was the explanation of how the character survived the events of The Last Revelation . Among other concepts that needed to be cut were two further locations , character animations , sound bites , and unique gameplay elements involving Kurtis . Some completed environmental assets also ended up being cut by mistake . Some of those elements were also deliberately left out by the team , who wished to bring them into future games . The team at Core Design later said that they felt Eidos forced them to get the game out before it was ready . The game was also reportedly submitted eight times to Sony before its release . The game went gold on 18 June 2003 , two days before its original release date , although there was some confusion as the game had reportedly gone gold on 2 June . The game was finally released in the summer of 2003 , alongside The Cradle of Life . 
 Marcellus Formation ( also classified as the Marcellus Subgroup of the Hamilton Group , Marcellus Member of the Romney Formation , or simply the Marcellus Shale ) is a Middle Devonian age unit of marine sedimentary rock found in eastern North America . Named for a distinctive outcrop near the village of Marcellus , New York , in the United States , it extends throughout much of the Appalachian Basin . The shale contains largely untapped natural gas reserves , and its proximity to the high @-@ demand markets along the East Coast of the United States makes it an attractive target for energy development and export . 
 Prior to the start , McLaren confirmed that they were unable to get Jenson Button 's car to the grid , as the data indicated his earlier electrical issues continued . Felipe Massa 's Williams did not get off the line at the start of the formation lap , so he had to start from pit lane . The start lights went on after a long delay , due to Pastor Maldonado being in the wrong grid position . 
 Existing external hardpoints would be modified to allow multiple conventional weapons to be carried , increasing overall loadout . For air @-@ to @-@ air defense , an Active electronically scanned array ( AESA ) radar would be added and some existing hardpoints modified to carry air @-@ to @-@ air missiles . If needed the B @-@ 1R could escape from unfavorable air @-@ to @-@ air encounters with its Mach 2 + speed . Few aircraft are currently capable of sustained speeds over Mach 2 . 
 " Gratitude " – 3 : 19 
 Residents of the building are zoned to Chicago Public Schools . Residents are zoned to South Loop K @-@ 8 and Phillips Academy High School . 
 " Knights of Cydonia " ( video ) 
 Chinese Nü Yr is a Footwork album using elements of bass , grime and 2 @-@ step garage . Malliagh explained that Chinese Nü Yr is a story about Xiāngjiāo , a gelatinous worm who wears a witch hat and is voiced by pitch @-@ shifted recordings of his dad and little sister . Xiāngjiāo blasts through many colorful , nonsensical lands , having to dodge things such as peanuts , floating fruit , pink @-@ colored fog , and mountains growing out of the ground . Forced to visit uncountably many alien worlds , Xiāngjiāo fears both the unfamiliarity of future lands and the extreme speed at which he / she travels . In a December 2015 interview , Malliagh stated the fate of the worm will occur in a full @-@ length album . 
 In September 2008 , <unk> acquired the international rights to Departures , which by that time had been licensed for screening in countries such as Greece , Australia , and Malaysia ; the film was ultimately screened in 36 countries . North American distribution was handled by Regent Releasing , and Departures received a limited release in nine theatres beginning on 29 May 2009 . Overall , the film earned almost $ 1 @.@ 5 million during its North American run before closing on 24 June 2010 . In the United Kingdom , Departures premiered on 4 December 2009 and was distributed by Arrow Film Distributors . The film attained a worldwide gross of nearly $ 70 million . 
 Victor " Vic " Aldridge ( October 25 , 1893 – April 17 , 1973 ) , nicknamed the " Hoosier Schoolmaster " , was an American right @-@ handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago Cubs , Pittsburgh Pirates and New York Giants , and was known to be an excellent curveball pitcher . Before his playing career he was a schoolmaster , hence his nickname . His most significant actions as a player occurred during the 1925 World Series , where Aldridge completed and won games two and five , only to have the most disastrous first inning in the seventh game of the World Series ever . After his retirement from baseball , he served as a state senator in the Indiana General Assembly . Aldridge is a member of the Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame , inducted in 2007 . 
 The National Space Society ( NSS ) gives the Gerard K. O 'Neill Memorial Award for Space Settlement Advocacy to individuals noted for their contributions in the area of space settlement . Their contributions can be scientific , legislative , and educational . The award is a trophy cast in the shape of a Bernal sphere . The NSS first bestowed the award in 2007 on lunar entrepreneur and former astronaut Harrison Schmitt . In 2008 , it was given to physicist John Marburger . 
 I. p . 77 . Fr . 2 . 
 Show runner Russell T Davies had considered making the Sontarans return since the revival of the series and wanted to show changes in Martha 's personality after her departure . The episode was viewed by 7 @.@ 06 million viewers after its original broadcast , with an Appreciation Index of " 87 " . Critics gave generally positive reviews , praising the return of the Sontarans , Christopher Ryan 's portrayal as Staal , and Raynor 's writing ; some stated Raynor improved from her previous episodes . 
 Cluj @-@ Napoca Rail Station , located about 2 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 2 mi ) north of the city centre , is situated on the CFR @-@ Romanian Railways Main Line 300 ( Bucharest – Oradea – Romanian Western Border ) and on Line 401 ( Cluj @-@ Napoca – Dej ) . CFR provides direct rail connections to all the major Romanian cities and to Budapest . The rail station is very well connected to all parts of the city by the trams , trolleybuses and buses of the local public transport company , CTP . 
 Michael Clarke – drums ( 1964 – 67 , 1972 – 73 , 1991 ) 
 A TUF winner who goes 9 – 0 can earn $ 300 @,@ 000 total on the contract , but only $ 150 @,@ 000 is guaranteed for all three years if nine fights are fought . Some TUF competitors who did not win the series were also offered UFC contracts , although not on as attractive terms . 
 After the opener against Wisconsin , Bell and the Wolverines tied games against Stanford ( 19 – 19 ) and Baylor ( 14 – 14 ) . Despite being favored by 18 points over Baylor , the Wolverines nearly lost and fell out of the top 10 in national ranking for the first time since September 1972 . After the Baylor game , Schembechler said the team lacked leadership . Bell may have been the one player to whom Bo 's criticism did not apply , as he had a career @-@ long 64 @-@ yard kickoff return against Baylor , scored both of Michigan 's touchdowns , and rushed for 89 yards in 26 carries . Bell 's second touchdown against Baylor came with 6 : 50 remaining in the fourth quarter and saved the Wolverines from a defeat . 
 By nightfall on August 18 , the North Korean 4th Division had been annihilated by the US forces ; huge numbers of deserters had weakened its numbers during the fight , but by that time , Obong @-@ ni and Cloverleaf Hill had been retaken by the US forces . Scattered groups of North Korean soldiers fled back across the Naktong , pursued by American planes and artillery fire . The next day , the remains of the 4th Division had withdrawn completely across the river . In their hasty retreat , they left a large number of artillery pieces and equipment behind which the Americans used . 
 Lindwall returned for the Third Test at Melbourne which saw 343 @,@ 675 spectators - second only to the 350 @,@ 534 at the Third Test on the same ground in 1936 @-@ 37 - with record receipts of £ 44 @,@ 063 . Lindwall was dismissed for only nine in Australia 's first innings , bowled by Alec Bedser . He set up a successful fast bowling partnership with Keith Miller , known for giving the English batsmen an " opening blitz " , especially Len Hutton . One English pressman wrote that this was Bodyline , to the anger of Vic Richardson , Alan Kippax and Clarrie Grimmett who had seen the real thing . Lindwall took his first Ashes wicket , having Test world record holder Len Hutton caught for two by a diving Colin McCool before having Bill Edrich leg before wicket . Lindwall later dismissed English captain Wally Hammond in the second innings . However , it was Lindwall 's batting in the second innings that was the highlight of the Test , scoring his first Test century . Lindwall and wicketkeeper Don Tallon ( 92 ) produced a counterattacking eighth wicket partnership of 154 in only 87 minutes . Lindwall was on 80 when Tallon fell and was still 19 runs short when last man Toshack came to the crease . Toshack defended grimly as Lindwall attacked and reached 100 before being caught . Lindwall brought up his century by walking three metres out of his crease and straight @-@ driving Alec Bedser to the fence . Lindwall 's innings lasted only 113 minutes and 90 balls , the second fastest in Australian Test history after Jack Gregory 's 67 @-@ ball effort in 1920 – 21 . 
 The storm crossed Cuba as a tropical depression . Minimal impact was reported . The storm produced moderate to heavy rainfall over parts of the Florida Peninsula , peaking at 6 @.@ 61 in ( 168 mm ) near <unk> . Minor road washouts were reported in Lee County . Rainfall along the lower Kissimmee River and the Lake Okeechobee basin caused some pastures and flood plain areas to be inundated by water . Lake Kissimmee rose 1 @.@ 5 ft ( 0 @.@ 46 m ) in height due to precipitation . Jenny 's remnants later contributed to the development of heavy rains in southern Louisiana . 
 The entire route is in New Castle County . 
 January 27 , 1954 . Senator Walter F. George ( D @-@ Georgia ) introduces his substitute to S.J. Res. 1 . 
 After the end of the siege , PC Trevor Lock was widely considered a hero . He was awarded the George Medal , the United Kingdom 's second @-@ highest civil honour , for his conduct during the siege and for tackling Oan during the SAS raid — the only time during the siege that he drew his concealed side arm . In addition , he was honoured with the Freedom of the City of London and in a motion in the House of Commons . Police historian Michael J. <unk> , referring to the television series Dixon of Dock Green , suggested that Lock 's restraint in the use of his revolver was " a defining example of the power of the Dixon image " , and Maurice Punch noted the contrast between Lock 's actions and the highly aggressive tactics of the SAS . Sergeant Tommy Palmer was awarded the Queen 's Gallantry Medal for his part in the assault , in which he shot dead a terrorist who was apparently about to throw a grenade amongst the hostages . After the operation concluded , the staff sergeant who was caught in his abseil rope was treated at St Stephen 's Hospital in Fulham . He suffered serious burns to his legs , but went on to make a full recovery . 
 The ship was accepted by the Navy on 16 April 1863 although she was not recommissioned until 29 June , the first warship with more than two turrets in history . Ignoring pressure by local politicians to keep Roanoke in New York , the Navy ordered her to Hampton Roads , Virginia , to join the blockading squadron there . On the voyage south , the ship reached a maximum speed of 8 @.@ 5 knots ( 15 @.@ 7 km / h ; 9 @.@ 8 mph ) and averaged 7 knots ( 13 km / h ; 8 @.@ 1 mph ) . Captain Benjamin F. Sands reported that the ship 's roll was so great that it would " preclude the possibility of fighting her guns at sea , and I was obliged to secure them with pieces of timber to prevent them fetching away " . Roanoke was assigned as harbor defense ship at Hampton Roads where she remained through the end of the war . On 14 July , Sands test @-@ fired his guns for the first time and both of the 15 @-@ inch Dahlgrens and one 150 @-@ pounder Parrott rifle dismounted themselves by their violent recoil . Her rear turret required nearly 5 minutes to make a full rotation . Captain <unk> Gansevoort replaced Sands in command of the ship later in 1863 . He was succeeded by Captain Augustus Kilty . 
 Production of the Ju 87 B started in 1937 . 89 B @-@ 1s were to be built at Junkers ' factory in Dessau and another 40 at the Weserflug plant in Lemwerder by July 1937 . Production would be carried out by the Weserflug company after April 1938 , but Junkers continued producing Ju 87 up until March 1940 . 
 England drew 0 – 0 in their opening group game of the World Cup against Uruguay after the South Americans came to play for a draw . They then beat Mexico 2 – 0 after a " tremendous goal " from Bobby Charlton opened up the game shortly before the half @-@ time whistle . England beat France 2 – 0 in the final group game , with Charlton assisting Roger Hunt after heading the ball onto the post . England eliminated Argentina in the quarter finals with a 1 – 0 win – their efforts were greatly aided after Argentine centre @-@ half Antonio <unk> was sent off for dissent , after which Argentina stopped attacking the ball and concentrated of holding out for a draw with their aggressive defending . England 's opponents in the semi @-@ finals were Portugal , who had giant centre @-@ forward José Augusto Torres to compete with Charlton for aerial balls . Late in the game Charlton gave away a penalty by sticking out a hand to stop Torres from scoring ; Eusébio scored the penalty but was largely contained by Nobby Stiles , and England won the game 2 – 1 after two goals from Bobby Charlton . 
 Hiryū ( <unk> , " Flying Dragon " ) was an aircraft carrier built for the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during the 1930s . The only ship of her class , she was built to a modified Sōryū design . Her aircraft supported the Japanese invasion of French Indochina in mid @-@ 1940 . During the first month of the Pacific War , she took part in the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Battle of Wake Island . The ship supported the conquest of the Dutch East Indies in January 1942 . The following month , her aircraft bombed Darwin , Australia , and continued to assist in the Dutch East Indies campaign . In April , Hiryū 's aircraft helped sink two British heavy cruisers and several merchant ships during the Indian Ocean raid . 
 During the night , the 113th and 114th Infantry Brigades were ordered out of the wood and the 115th Brigade assembled in their place . The next day , the 115th Brigade prepared a final assault to clear out the Germans . The 115th Brigade 's commanding officer , Brigadier @-@ General H. J. Evans , wanted to launch a surprise attack but was overruled . The subsequent bombardment to support the attack fell short in places , hitting the British troops and provoking German artillery fire . Despite the friendly fire , the barrage also caught German troops in the open as they fled from the wood . The remaining Germans offered determined resistance and the 16th Welsh were held up by machine gun fire and the use of a flamethrower . Despite this , the brigade was able to clear Mametz Wood by the end of the day . The German second line position was on higher ground , which dominated the edge of wood and , coupled with artillery fire , resulted in the brigade pulling back to its start line to avoid further casualties . 
 Myst Online takes place in fictitious caverns below Earth 's surface . Thousands of years ago , a race known as the D 'ni practiced a craft known as The Art . By writing special books describing a location , the D 'ni created a link to that world . The D 'ni had their own number system and language distinct from the humans dwelling above them . According to the story , though the D 'ni society crumbled ( shortly after their first contact with a human who found her way down from the surface , and whose presence triggered a cultural collapse ) , archeologists much later discovered the caverns and teamed with a development studio ( Cyan Worlds ) to produce educational video games based on their findings ; thus , the story in the Myst games is canonically findings from the caverns . New content and additions to the story were revealed through " episodes " . 
 When Min was 13 , she lied about her age , saying she was 14 , to get a job at McDonald 's . In middle school and at Heritage High School , she contributed to the schools ' student newspapers . Min worked at a clothing store in a local mall , became a cashier at Target , and sold cosmetics at Foley 's during a summer break in college . She interned one summer at MacNeil / Lehrer NewsHour . 
 Credits taken from " Mutual Core " app . 
 At Aberdeen , 17 , 18 September . Scotland ( 178 and 142 ) lost to the Australians ( 407 / 6 declared ) by an innings and 87 runs . 
 Assists : 9 3 times 
 Lunar : The Silver Star was well received in Japan , selling an estimated 100 @,@ 000 copies , its entire production run , in its first year after release , nearly as much as the Mega CD itself . It is considered the Mega @-@ CD 's first hit game , which Sega credits solely for pushing the system 's sales in that region . The game remains the best @-@ selling Sega CD title of all time in Japan , and second highest selling worldwide behind Sonic the Hedgehog CD . Readers of Japanese magazine Megadrive Beep voted it the number one Mega Drive role @-@ playing game for 17 straight months before being trumped by Shining Force II . 
 As early as 1995 British Aerospace and the German aerospace and defence company DaimlerChrysler Aerospace ( DASA ) were said to be keen to create a transnational aerospace and defence company . The two companies envisaged including Aérospatiale , the other major European aerospace company , but only after its privatisation . The first stage of this integration was seen as the transformation of Airbus from a consortium of British Aerospace , DASA , Aérospatiale and Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA into an integrated company ; in this aim British Aerospace and DASA were united against the various objections of Aérospatiale . As well as Airbus , British Aerospace and DASA were partners in the Panavia Tornado and Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft projects . Merger discussions began between British Aerospace and DASA in July 1998 , just as French participation became more likely with the announcement that Aérospatiale was to merge with Matra and emerge with a diluted French government shareholding . A merger was agreed between British Aerospace chairman Richard Evans and DASA CEO Jürgen Schrempp in December 1998 . 
 Nichols died of respiratory failure on 21 February 2000 at the Brighton Gardens retirement home in Bethesda , Maryland . He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery . 
 Bermuda sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China . The games marked Bermuda 's twenty @-@ first Olympic appearance since its debut in 1936 . The 2008 delegation included six athletes : Tyrone Smith and Arantxa King in long jump , Jillian Terceira in individual jumping on horseback , Kiera Aitken and Roy @-@ Allan Burch in swimming ( Aitken in backstroke , and Burch in freestyle ) , and Flora Duffy in triathlon . Bermuda did not win any medals in the Beijing games . 
 In late 1975 , Kent moved closer to home and work for The Sheik ’ s " NWA Detroit " ( also known as " Big Time Wrestling " ) using his " Bulldog " Don Kent persona . On November 1 , 1975 , Kent defeated Mark Lewin to win the Detroit version of the NWA United States Heavyweight Championship . Lewin regained the title in December . On October 16 , 1976 , Kent regained the title in a bloody brawl against Pampero Firpo and held on to it until January 8 , 1977 , when he lost it to Gino Hernandez . Kent developed into a long running enemy of the Sheik , who was the most popular man in the promotion , with the two clashing many times in wild and bloody brawls . 
 " No More Mr. Nice Guy " was watched by approximately 14 million viewers , making it the night 's second most watched program , behind Dancing with the Stars . The episode gained mixed reviews from critics . Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times stated that the episode was " The worst House episode ever " , while Gina Dinunno of TV Guide commented that she thought the episode was " pretty good " . 
 The next day Christian participated in the quarterfinals and was placed in Heat 3 against athletes that included Churandy Martina of the Netherlands Antilles and Kristof <unk> of Belgium . Christian took first place in the race with a time of 20 @.@ 26 seconds , beating second @-@ place finalist Martina by 0 @.@ 18 seconds and ranking second overall out of thirty @-@ two athletes . Christian fell behind the overall quarterfinal leader Brian Dzingai of Zimbabwe by 0 @.@ 03 seconds and defeated the United States ' Walter Dix by 0 @.@ 01 seconds . Christian advanced to semifinals , which took place on the same day . 
 William Ruhlmann , author of The All @-@ Music Guide to Rock , praised " Don 't Stop ' Til You Get Enough " as an " irresistible dance track " . John Lewis , author of 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die , noted that the " jittery , frenetic opening track " is the centerpiece of Off the Wall . He concluded that " Jackson 's falsetto hollers and frisky yelps serve as an obbligato to the lead line , punctuating Ben Wright 's thrilling string arrangement and Jerry Hey 's tight horn charts " . Jason Elias , a writer for Allmusic , noted that " Don 't Stop ' Til You Get Enough " presents a " new Michael Jackson " that was " sexual , [ an ] adult , and aggressive . Elias commented that " Like the best of Jones ' late- ' 70s , early- ' 80s work , this [ song ] wasn 't quite disco , couldn 't be hardcore funk - it was an amalgam of styles with the all @-@ important pop accessibility . " 
 In the middle of May , the situation for the 50 @,@ 000 Arab inhabitants of the city and the 30 @,@ 000 – 40 @,@ 000 in the outlying neighbourhoods was no better . After the massacre at Deir Yassin and the Jewish offensive of April that triggered the large @-@ scale exodus of the Palestinian Arabs in other mixed cities , the Arab population of Jerusalem was frightened and feared for its fate . With the departure of the British on 14 May , the Haganah launched several operations to take control of the city and the local Arab leadership requested King Abdullah of Jordan to deploy his army to come to their aid . 
 The new company made its debut at the Prince of Wales Theatre , Cardiff on 15 April 1946 with a double bill of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci . The orchestra was professional , mostly drawn from members of the BBC Welsh Orchestra ; all the singers were amateurs , except for Tudor Davies , a tenor well known at Covent Garden and Sadler 's Wells , who sang Canio in Pagliacci . During the week @-@ long season the new company also staged Faust , with Davies in the title role . Although nearing the end of his career he was a considerable box @-@ office draw , and the company played to full houses . Nevertheless , the expense of a professional orchestra and the hire of costumes and scenery outweighed the box @-@ office receipts , and the season made a small loss . Finance remained a recurring problem over the succeeding decades . 
 Oxygen dissolves more readily in water than nitrogen , and in freshwater more readily than seawater . Water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved O 
 Neither of these children were recognised by Belgrano in his will , where he said he had no children . However , it is thought that he did not mention them in order to protect their mothers , as both children were the result of relations that the moral standards of the society of the day would not have accepted . Nevertheless , he requested that his brother , Joaquín Eulogio Estanislao Belgrano , who was appointed as his heir , should look after his newborn daughter . 
 The company ordered two new locomotives from the Lincoln @-@ based firm of Ruston and Hornsby in 1959 . They were described as class <unk> locomotives by the manufacturer , and were fitted with 31 @.@ 5 hp ( 23 @.@ 5 kW ) two @-@ cylinder engines . One went to Swinefleet , after which the Howard machine was scrapped , and the other went to Medge Hall . A third locomotive of the same type was then ordered for Hatfield Works , allowing the horses there to be retired . The Medge Hall engine was transferred to Swinefleet when the works closed in 1966 . 
 After Oliver provided a summary account of Davidson 's life in London , Barbara Harris gave evidence . Cullen likens her evidence to " a whip of scorpions " that Davidson took full in the face . Davidson had first met Harris in September 1930 , when she was 16 . He had used a favoured ploy — affecting to confuse her with a well @-@ known film actress — to persuade her to take a meal with him . He then began regular visits to her lodgings , gave her small sums of money and promised to find her work . From time to time he shared rooms with her : " At first he kept to the chair " , Harris wrote , " but after the first few nights he did not " . In her evidence to the court she said she had not had intercourse with Davidson , though he had attempted this on several occasions ; when she had repulsed his advances , she claimed that he had " relieved himself " . 
 The bats were entirely composed of computer @-@ generated imagery since it was decided directing real bats on set would be problematic . The Penguin 's " bird army " was a combination of CGI , robotic creatures , men in suits and even real penguins . Robotic penguin puppets were commissioned by Stan Winston . In total 30 African penguins and 12 king penguins were used . A miniature effect was used for the exteriors of the Cobblepot Mansion in the opening scene and for Wayne Manor . The same method was used for the Bat Ski @-@ boat and the exterior shots of the Gotham Zoo . 
 The Council first appeared in the European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC ) as the " Special Council of Ministers " , set up to counterbalance the High Authority ( the supranational executive , now the Commission ) . The original Council had limited powers : issues relating only to coal and steel were in the Authority 's domain , and the Council 's consent was only required on decisions outside coal and steel . As a whole , the Council only scrutinised the High Authority ( the executive ) . In 1957 , the Treaties of Rome established two new communities , and with them two new Councils : the Council of the European Atomic Energy Community ( EAEC ) and the Council of the European Economic Community ( EEC ) . However , due to objections over the supranational power of the Authority , their Councils had more powers ; the new executive bodies were known as " Commissions " . 
 Over longer periods of time , new series of transits will start and old series will end . Unlike the saros series for lunar eclipses , it is possible for a transit series to restart after a hiatus . The transit series also vary much more in length than the saros series . 
 The chief executive of the Cal Poly Pomona campus is President Soraya Coley . 
 Haruka Chisuga – vocals , background vocals 
 Capitalism will , unless overcome by revolution , run up against the physical limits of the biosphere and self @-@ destruct 
 <unk> is one of the shopping streets , along with King Edward Street and Carr lane . 
 Meanwhile , Priya also comes to know that Krishna is Krrish when she sees the footage from her video camera . She and Honey decide to release the footage on TV to make Krishna a star . Krishna arrives and overhears them talking about how Priya had lied to him , and how they will reveal his identity . Just before Priya confesses to Honey that she has genuinely fallen in love with Krishna , he leaves , dejected . 
 In October a preparatory Commission for the upcoming International Conference of the Communist and Workers ' Parties scheduled for November that year was held from October 1 – 21 , with the Albanian delegation being led by Hysni Kapo and Ramiz Alia . Alia later recalled that " the aim of the Soviets was to ensure that our Party did not come out against their party and Khrushchev , did not bring the fight out in the open , and speak about Bucharest and the contradictions which existed . To this end , they created around our delegation a harsh and dangerous atmosphere , in which open threats were combined with cunning flattery . " Hoxha once again communicated via radiogram , writing to Kapo on October 13 that , " We are not of the same opinion as those who are trying to smooth out the problems by means of phrases in resolutions or declarations ... We are for carrying the matter through to the end . If this is not understood , it means that the danger which the Khrushchev group represents for the world communist movement is not understood . It does not depend on us whether this group should continue in power or not , but it is essential that we , should expose this group with Khrushchev at the head , as they deserve ... we shall not allow ourselves to be impressed by those who say : ' How can one attack the glorious Soviet Union or the great Communist Party of Lenin for the faults of a few rascals ? ' We say : Precisely to defend the Soviet Union and the Party of Lenin , these ' rascals ' must be exposed , and there must be no toning down of criticism or covering up of the <unk> . " 
 These ships would have rivaled the Imperial Japanese Yamato class and America 's planned Montana class in size if any had been completed , although with significantly weaker firepower : nine 406 @-@ millimeter ( 16 @.@ 0 in ) guns compared to the nine 460 @-@ millimeter ( 18 @.@ 1 in ) guns of the Japanese ships and a dozen 16 @-@ inch ( 406 @.@ 4 mm ) on the Montanas . However , they would have been superior to their German rivals , the Bismarck class , at least on paper . The failure of the Soviet armor plate industry to build cemented armor plates thicker than 230 millimeters ( 9 @.@ 1 in ) would have negated any advantages from the Sovetsky Soyuz class 's thicker armor in combat . 
 The popularity of the short @-@ lived series served as the launching point for a media franchise within the Firefly universe , including the feature film Serenity , which addresses many plot points left unresolved by the series ' cancellation . 
 On 28 July 1915 , Royal Edward embarked 1 @,@ 367 officers and men at Avonmouth . The majority were reinforcements for the British 29th Infantry , with members of the Royal Army Medical Corps . All were destined for Gallipoli . Royal Edward was reported off the Lizard on the evening of the 28th , and had arrived at Alexandria on 10 August , a day after sister ship Royal George had sailed from Devonport . Royal Edward sailed for Moudros on the island of Lemnos , a staging point for the Dardanelles . 
 Although Wigan is not mentioned in the Domesday Book , possibly because it was included in the Neweton barony ( now Newton @-@ le @-@ Willows ) , it is thought that the mention of a church in the manor of Neweton is Wigan Parish Church . The rectors of the parish church were lords of the manor of Wigan , a sub @-@ manor of Neweton , until the 19th century . Wigan was incorporated as a borough in 1246 following the issue of a charter by King Henry III to John Maunsell , the local church rector and lord of the manor . The borough was later granted another charter in 1257 – 1258 , allowing the lord of the manor to hold a market on every Monday and two annual fairs . The town is recorded on the earliest surviving map of Britain , the Gough Map made around 1360 which highlights its position on the main western north @-@ south highway with distance markers to Preston and Warrington . 
 Jake Conway of Q Magazine at Yale agreed , writing that the lyrics of " S & M " display why the singer continues to be one of the most provocative recording artists in the music industry , highlighting how she " turns the tables on abusive ex @-@ lover Chris Brown . " Digital Spy 's Nick Levine gave the song a rating of four stars out of five , and wrote that the song makes the listener as " up @-@ for it " as Rihanna herself ; he went on to say that " S & M " consists of " ear @-@ <unk> " hooks , synths and pounding beats . James Skinner of BBC Music wrote that Loud lacked the " chart @-@ friendly moments " of Rated R and criticized the overtly sexual lyrics which he found " at odds with " the flirtatious appeal for which Rihanna was aiming . Skinner described the singer 's vocal delivery as " forced " and criticized her for not projecting a " daring " or convincing sound on " S & M " 
 Neonatal circumcision is generally safe when done by an experienced practitioner . The most common acute complications are bleeding , infection and the removal of either too much or too little foreskin . These complications occur in approximately 0 @.@ 12 % of procedures , and constitute the vast majority of all acute circumcision complications in the United States . Minor complications are reported to occur in three percent of procedures . Severe complications are rare . A specific complication rate is difficult to determine due to scant data on complications and inconsistencies in their classification . Complication rates are greater when the procedure is performed by an inexperienced operator , in unsterile conditions , or when the child is at an older age . Significant acute complications happen rarely , occurring in about 1 in 500 newborn procedures in the United States . Severe to catastrophic complications , including death , are so rare that they are reported only as individual case reports . Other possible complications include buried penis , <unk> , phimosis , skin bridges , urethral fistulas , and <unk> stenosis . These complications may be avoided with proper technique , and are most often treatable without requiring a hospital visit . 
 One Direction 's debut headline UK concert tour , the Up All Night Tour , was officially announced on 27 September 2011 . The tour began on 18 December 2011 in Watford , England and ended 26 January 2012 in Belfast , Northern Ireland . Shows in the UK and Ireland were an instant success — many rumored to have sold out in under 10 seconds . In February 2012 , One Direction announced an Australasia leg , the tour dates set for April 2012 , set to visit cities Sydney , Brisbane , Melbourne , Auckland and Wellington . Once the first leg of the tour was complete , the band joined Big Time Rush as an opening act on the Better With U Tour . On 21 March 2012 , One Direction announced an extended North American leg of the tour . The North American leg was set to start on 24 May 2012 and comprise 26 shows . Shortly after the announcement , British recording artist Olly Murs was confirmed to be the opening act for select dates on tour . On the tour , One Direction covered Kings of Leon 's " Use Somebody " , Gym Class Heroes ' " Stereo Hearts " , The Zutons ' " Valerie " , <unk> 's " Torn " and The Black Eyed Peas ' " I Gotta Feeling " . A recording of their tour , entitled Up All Night : The Live Tour , was released in late May 2012 . 
 To join the party , an applicant must be 18 years of age , and must spend a year as a probationary member . In contrast to the past , when emphasis was placed on the applicants ' ideological criteria , the current CPC stresses technical and educational qualifications . To become a probationary member , the applicant must take an admission oath before the party flag . The relevant CPC organization is responsible for observing and educating probationary members . <unk> members have duties similar to those of full members , with the exception that they may not vote in party elections nor stand for election . Many join the CPC through the Communist Youth League . Under Jiang Zemin , private entrepreneurs were allowed to become party members . According to the CPC constitution , a member , in short , must follow orders , be disciplined , uphold unity , serve the Party and the people , and promote the socialist way of life . Members enjoy the privilege of attending Party meetings , reading relevant Party documents , receiving Party education , participating in Party discussions through the Party 's newspapers and journals , making suggestions and proposal , making " well @-@ grounded criticism of any Party organization or member at Party meetings " ( even of the central party leadership ) , voting and standing for election , and of opposing and criticizing Party resolutions ( " provided that they resolutely carry out the resolution or policy while it is in force " ) ; and they have the ability " to put forward any request , appeal , or complaint to higher Party organizations , even up to the Central Committee , and ask the organizations concerned for a responsible reply . " No party organization , including the CPC central leadership , can deprive a member of these rights . 
 The game draws heavily from both the plot and aesthetic elements of film noir - stylistic films made popular in the 1940s and 1950s that share similar visual styles and themes , including crime and moral ambiguity - along with drawing inspiration from real @-@ life crimes for its in @-@ game cases , based upon what was reported by the Los Angeles media in 1947 . The game uses a distinctive colour palette , but in homage to film noir it includes the option to play the game in black and white . Various plot elements reference the major themes of detective and mobster stories such as The Naked City , Chinatown , The Untouchables , The Black Dahlia , and L.A. Confidential . 
 The decision signaled the end of a bitter , decade @-@ long debate within the North Vietnamese Government between first two , and then three factions . The moderates believed that the economic viability of North Vietnam should come before support of a massive and conventional southern war and they generally followed the Soviet line of peaceful coexistence by reunifying Vietnam through political means . Heading this faction were party theoretician Trường Chinh and Minister of Defense Võ Nguyên Giáp . The militant faction , on the other hand , tended to follow the foreign policy line of the People 's Republic of China and called for the reunification of the nation by military means and that no negotiations should be undertaken with the Americans . This group was led by Communist Party First Secretary Lê Duẩn and Lê Đức Thọ ( no relation ) . From the early @-@ to @-@ mid @-@ 1960s , the militants had dictated the direction of the war in South Vietnam . 
 Prototype of B @-@ 70 . Two were built . 
 Gary Brooker – No More Fear of Flying ( 1979 ) 
 In 1993 , proposals were made to re @-@ open the line to Tryvandshøiden Station , so that the Tryvann Ski Resort would be more accessible to Oslo residents . Oslo Sporveier , the operator , turned down the proposals , arguing that it would cost about 3 billion NOK to lay the tracks and put up overhead line equipment , and that it would not attract enough passengers . 
 The original name — or perhaps description — of the script is said to have been kohau motu mo rongorongo , " lines incised for chanting out " , shortened to kohau rongorongo or " lines [ for ] chanting out " . There are also said to have been more specific names for the texts based on their topic . For example , the kohau ta ‘ u ( " lines of years " ) were annals , the kohau îka ( " lines of fishes " ) were lists of persons killed in war ( îka " fish " was homophonous with or used figuratively for " war casualty " ) , and the kohau ranga " lines of fugitives " were lists of war refugees . 
 Cimon , on the other hand , apparently believed that no further free space for democratic evolution existed . He was certain that democracy had reached its peak and Pericles ' reforms were leading to the stalemate of populism . According to Paparrigopoulos , history vindicated Cimon , because Athens , after Pericles ' death , sank into the abyss of political turmoil and demagogy . Paparrigopoulos maintains that an unprecedented regression descended upon the city , whose glory perished as a result of Pericles ' populist policies . 
 Comet Hale – Bopp 's activity and outgassing were not spread uniformly over its nucleus , but instead came from several specific jets . Observations of the material streaming away from these jets allowed astronomers to measure the rotation period of the comet , which was found to be about 11 hours 46 minutes . 
 In 1911 , Lipsett responded to the call from the Colonial Office for young staff officers to operate in colonial military academies , as military education had been standardised throughout the British Empire in 1909 . Lipsett was sent to Canada and promoted to major ( in 1913 ) , working hard to improve training in the Dominion . He instigated numerous new training courses and special schools , establishing close ties with the Canadian military establishment and personally training most of the next generation of Canadian staff officers and generals . 
 For every 100 feet ( 30 m ) , the tracks at the Horseshoe Curve bend 9 degrees and 15 minutes with the entire curve totaling 220 degrees . The curve is 2 @,@ 375 feet ( 724 m ) long and , at its widest , about 1 @,@ 300 feet ( 400 m ) across . The Horseshoe Curve descends from an approximate elevation of 1 @,@ 640 feet ( 500 m ) on the southern side to 1 @,@ 600 feet ( 490 m ) on the northern . The grade of the curve was listed by the Pennsylvania Railroad as 1 @.@ 45 percent , and currently as 1 @.@ 34 percent by Norfolk Southern . Each track consists of 136 pounds per yard ( 67 @.@ 5 kg / m ) , welded rails that were , as of 2012 , laid in 2011 . Prior to <unk> and the introduction of dynamic braking and rail oilers , the rails along the curve would be transposed — left to right and vice versa — to equalize the wear on each rail from the flanges of passing steam locomotives and rail cars , thereby extending their lifespan . 
 The <unk> – producer 
 On Christmas Day 1947 , Kolish and his son were struck by a drunk driver while driving to spend the holiday with Sarria and his family . Both were killed . The coroner determined that Jonathan died first , meaning that Paul 's brother inherited everything . The brother ignored Paul 's wishes regarding Sarria . " I would have gotten one of the houses " , Sarria claimed , " but he only gave me a little money and one ring . He claimed that was all Paul wanted me to have . He was so evil . He said afterwards , ' If you expect anything else , you 're not going to get it . ' " 
 Viral infections can cause disease in humans , animals and even plants . However , they are usually eliminated by the immune system , conferring lifetime immunity to the host for that virus . Antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but antiviral drugs have been developed to treat life @-@ threatening infections . Vaccines that produce lifelong immunity can prevent some viral infections . 
 In its original American broadcast , the episode was seen by more than 4 % of the population between ages 18 and 49 . Following its release on DVD and Blu @-@ ray however , the episode received mixed reviews from critics . 
 Grand Slam matches : Nadal , 9 – 2 
 For four days , Connie maintained its peak intensity as its track shifted from the west @-@ northwest toward the northwest , passing to the northeast of the Bahamas as it rounded a large ridge . On August 7 , its eye had decreased to a diameter of 7 mi ( 11 km ) . By August 10 , the eye had lost its definition as Connie slowed its northwest track . It began a west @-@ northwest drift due to slight Fujiwhara interaction with developing Hurricane Diane to its southeast , as well as a building ridge to its northeast . The hurricane turned to the north on August 11 and was steadily weakening , due to the combination of upwelling and entrainment of cool air . Connie turned toward the north @-@ northeast on August 12 , by which time it had weakened to a minimal hurricane . 
 Parliamentary Monitoring Services is a United Kingdom @-@ based political research and publishing company . The company researches the activities of the United States Congress , European Parliament , and the Parliament of the United Kingdom . Consultants to the company have included British politicians Sir Peter Fry and William Howie , Baron Howie of Troon . The company published PMS Guide to Pressure Groups and PMS Guide to the 1997 General Election . 
 Plagis was the top @-@ scoring Southern Rhodesian ace of the war , and the highest @-@ scoring ace of Greek origin , with 16 confirmed aerial victories , including 11 over Malta . Awarded the Distinguished Service Order and other medals , he was also one of Rhodesia 's most decorated veterans . The Southern Rhodesian capital , Salisbury , honoured his wartime contributions by naming a street in its northern Alexandra Park neighbourhood after him . On his return home after retiring from the RAF with the rank of wing commander in 1948 , he set up home at 1 John Plagis Avenue , opened a bottle store bearing his name , and was a director of several companies , including Central African Airways in the 1960s . He contested the Salisbury City constituency in the 1962 general election , running for the Rhodesian Front , but failed to win . He died in 1974 , reportedly by suicide . 
 Piers Kelly ( 2006 ) Visayan @-@ Eskaya Secondary Source Materials : Survey and Review Part One : 1980 – 1993 . Produced for the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples , Bohol , Philippines . 2006 
 Production of the D @-@ 1 variant started in 1941 with 495 ordered . These aircraft were delivered between May 1941 and March 1942 . The RLM wanted 832 machines produced from February 1941 . The Weserflug company was tasked with their production . From June to September 1941 , 40 Ju 87 Ds were expected to be built , increasing to 90 thereafter . Various production problems were encountered . Just one of the planned 48 was produced in July . Of the 25 the RLM hoped for in August 1941 , none were delivered . Only in September 1941 did the first two of the planned 102 Ju 87s roll off the production lines . The shortfalls continued to the end of 1941 . During this time , the WFG plant in Lemwerder moved production to Berlin . Over 165 Ju 87s had not been delivered and production was only 23 Ju 87 Ds per month out of the 40 expected . By the spring of 1942 to the end of production in 1944 , 3 @,@ 300 Ju 87s , mostly D @-@ 1s , D @-@ 2s and D @-@ 5s had been manufactured . 
 Stephen 's canonization was initiated by Vazul 's grandson , King Ladislaus I of Hungary , who had consolidated his authority by capturing and imprisoning his cousin , Solomon . According to Bishop Hartvic , the canonization was " decreed by apostolic letter , by order of the Roman see " , suggesting that the ceremony was permitted by Pope Gregory VII . The ceremony started at Stephen 's tomb , where on 15 August 1083 masses of believers began three days of fasting and praying . Legend tells that Stephen 's coffin could not be opened until King Ladislaus held Solomon in captivity at Visegrád . The opening of Stephen 's tomb was followed by the occurrence of healing miracles , according to Stephen 's legends . Historian Kristó attributes the healings either to mass psychosis or deception . Stephen 's legends also say that his " balsam @-@ scented " remains were elevated from the coffin , which was filled with " rose @-@ colored water " , on 20 August . On the same day , Stephen 's son , Emeric , and the bishop of Csanád , Gerard , were also canonized . 
 Dale Fuller as Maria Miranda <unk> , Zerkow 's wife 
 Two " yes " responses indicate that the respondent should be investigated further . 
 John " Willie " Wilson – drums , percussion 
 The cellular homeostasis of <unk> such as ionic copper , iron , and zinc is disrupted in AD , though it remains unclear whether this is produced by or causes the changes in proteins . These ions affect and are affected by tau , APP , and APOE , and their dysregulation may cause oxidative stress that may contribute to the pathology . Some studies have shown an increased risk of developing AD with environmental factors such as the intake of metals , particularly aluminium . The quality of some of these studies has been criticised , and the link remains controversial . The majority of researchers do not support a causal connection with aluminium . 
 The Oxford crew weighed an average of 12 st 13 lb ( 81 @.@ 9 kg ) , 4 @.@ 375 pounds ( 2 @.@ 0 kg ) per rower more than their opponents . Cambridge saw four participants with Boat Race experience return to the crew , including cox Noel Duckworth . The Light Blue crew also included a pair of brothers in <unk> and Desmond Kingsford . Oxford 's crew also contained four former Blues , including P. R. S. Bankes and John Couchman , both of whom were rowing in their third consecutive race . All of the race participants were registered as British . 
 Paul Tremo ( 1733 / 34 – 1810 ) was the head chef at the court of King Stanislaus Augustus Poniatowski of Poland . He was born in Berlin , in a family of French Huguenots . As the king 's favourite cook , he was responsible for the culinary side of royal banquets , including Thursday Dinners to which Stanislaus Augustus invited Warsaw 's leading intellectuals . He followed the king to Saint Petersburg after the latter 's abdication in 1795 , but returned to Warsaw after his death in 1798 . His cooking style combined Polish , French and other west European influences . As a mentor to aspirant Polish chefs and author of recipes which circulated in handwritten copies , he was instrumental in the development of modern Polish cuisine that was more moderate and cosmopolitan than old Polish cookery . 
 Alexandra Necula , writing for Romanian music website Info Music , said that the clip " exploited the sexuality and sensuality of the artist " , with her explaining that Stan 's appearance in the video portrayed a woman with pornographic tents . She said that Stan 's moves were " <unk> " , and compared one of her outfits throughout the video to Madonna . Urban.ro compared the choreography of the clip to Michael Jackson 's 1980s works . Los 40 Principales cited the video for " All My People " as one of Stan 's best clips ever . 
 Particular praise after the race went to both newcomers Haas and debutant Jolyon Palmer , who delivered what The Guardian described as an " impressive " drive . Palmer had been able to hold off attacks by both Toro Rosso drivers for several laps in the closing stages of the race . Toro Rosso 's Max Verstappen was very unhappy with his team 's strategy in the race handling the situation , repeatedly complaining and swearing over the team radio . He lost several seconds in a rushed pitstop , after which he lamented that he had wanted to pit before his teammate Sainz . While driving behind Sainz when both where trailing Palmer , he asked for team orders to allow him to pass his teammate , which were denied , leading him to describe his team 's strategy as a " joke " . Verstappen received criticism for his outbursts , with Sky Sports describing him as sounding " like a teenager - and a sulky one at that " . He later apologised to his team for his outbursts . 
 Sheep producers have used a wide variety of measures to combat predation . Pre @-@ modern shepherds used their own presence , livestock guardian dogs , and protective structures such as barns and fencing . Fencing ( both regular and electric ) , penning sheep at night and lambing indoors all continue to be widely used . More modern shepherds used guns , traps , and poisons to kill predators , causing significant decreases in predator populations . In the wake of the environmental and conservation movements , the use of these methods now usually falls under the purview of specially designated government agencies in most developed countries . 
 Art Gallery of Alberta , 2010 
 Several other cases involved disputes between non @-@ Indians holding land grants from different states or state nonintercourse acts ; federal courts had subject @-@ matter jurisdiction over such disputes as " Controversies . . . between Citizens of the same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States . " For example , Preston v. Browder ( 1816 ) , Danforth 's Lessee v. Thomas ( 1816 ) , and Danforth v. Wear ( 1824 ) involved conflicting land grants from the states of North Carolina and Tennessee . 
 Hallie Ford Museum of Art has a diverse collection of art from across cultures and eras . Six exhibition galleries contain artwork from different mediums such as sculptures , paintings , basketry , and prints . Artwork includes Native American art , European paintings , American art , and contemporary art . The museum also features local art and artists . 
 At the time Posttraumatic stress disorder ( known as " shell shock " because it was initially wrongly thought to be caused by concussion damage to the membranes of brain ) was beginning to be recognised and was admissible in defence – it was classified as a war injury , although there were concerns that soldiers accused of offences tried falsely to claim shell shock as a defence . One historian writes that " in no case was a soldier whom the medical staff certified as suffering from shell shock actually executed " , that " there appear to have been very few cases where men who alleged shell shock , but whose claim was denied , were actually executed " , and that the suggestions of modern campaigners that most of the executed men suffered from shell shock are " palpably untrue " . However , another historian has pointed out that there was a great deal of chance in whether a soldier 's claim of shell @-@ shock would be taken seriously , and gives examples of soldiers being given cursory medical examinations or none ; specific references to shell @-@ shock are uncommon , and records usually refer to dizziness , " queer turns " , bad nerves etc . Such trauma was still poorly understood at that time . 
 2006 marks Ghoshal 's first collaboration with Ravindra Jain in film Vivah , where she performed three duets with Narayan titled " Mujhe Haq Hai " , " Do <unk> <unk> " and " Milan <unk> <unk> <unk> Hai " . For the album , she also recorded " Hamari Shaadi Mein " with <unk> <unk> and two sisters conversation song " O Jiji " with Pamela Jain , along with a bhajan performed with Jain . Ghoshal 's " obsessive " vocals were appraised in <unk> Kumar Rathod 's composition , " So <unk> Main " from Woh Lamhe . Despite the length , the version was particularly acclaimed from the album . During the year , Ghoshal performed her ever duet with Sunidhi Chauhan — though they have contributed in multi @-@ singer songs together — with the Salim – Sulaiman 's composition , " Imaan Ka Asar " from Dor . In spite of providing backing vocals for Lage Raho Munna Bhai 's " Bande Mein Tha Dum " , Ghoshal and Nigam performed a romantic duet titled " Pal Pal " , a composition by Moitra . For the song , she received a Best Female Playback Singer nomination at the 52nd Filmfare Awards . She was next heard with Vishal Bhardwaj in the song " O <unk> Re " , which exudes the feeling of intimacy and deep love . Ghoshal 's low pitch rendition in the song was positively noted by critics . 
 This structure was built in the mid @-@ 15th century . At the southern end is a shallow raised dais on which the Lytes and favoured guests would have sat at a long table , facing the rest of the hall where the servants would have dined . The roof has arch @-@ braced @-@ collar trusses , with double purlins , and cusped curved <unk> . Typical of West Country design , these carved <unk> are both decorative and practical . Beneath is a cornice of pierced quatrefoils , and at the base of each main rafter is a carved wooden angel with a shield with the Lyte arms . The fireplace is 15th century , while the windows and the stained glass in them date from the early 16th century . The hall is entered from the east front porch via the screens passage , which would have divided the Hall from the kitchen and servants quarters ' which would have lain to the left of the hall . The screen and gallery are not original , having been inserted by Sir Walter Jenner in 1907 . He based the decoration on that of the arch from the Great Hall through to the Oriel Room . At the time of Jenner 's arrival in 1907 the Great Hall was being used as a cider store . 
 In his view , every historical relation between rulers and ruled contained such elements and they can be analysed on the basis of this tripartite distinction . He notes that the instability of charismatic authority forces it to " <unk> " into a more structured form of authority . In a pure type of traditional rule , sufficient resistance to a ruler can lead to a " traditional revolution " . The move towards a rational @-@ legal structure of authority , utilising a bureaucratic structure , is inevitable in the end . Thus this theory can be sometimes viewed as part of the social evolutionism theory . This ties to his broader concept of rationalisation by suggesting the inevitability of a move in this direction . 
 The three remaining members recorded an instrumental album with Nic Potter , <unk> Curtis , and Pietro Messina , under the name " The Long Hello " . Their self @-@ titled album ( The Long Hello ) was released in 1974 . 
 Aronofsky saw Hugh Jackman perform as Peter Allen in the Broadway musical The Boy from Oz and was impressed with his performance . The director met with Jackman , who sought " a role that could show a lot of dimension , " and cast him into the lead role in The Fountain . Jackman starred previously as the muscular character Wolverine in the X @-@ Men films , so for The Fountain , he exercised to adopt a slimmer figure . Jackman practiced t 'ai chi for seven months to demonstrate it in a 30 @-@ second scene . He also practiced yoga for over a year to achieve the lotus position for scenes set in space . For these scenes when he is seen in the position in mid @-@ air , he was immersed in a swimming pool and harnessed to a rig that rotated him 360 degrees so his clothes floated freely about him . 
 The reason for Szigeti 's appeal to composers was articulated by Bloch upon completion of his Violin Concerto : the concerto 's premiere would have to be delayed a full year for Szigeti to be the soloist , and Bloch agreed , saying that 
 Nana Hedin – background vocals 
 Hartman wrote a number of screenplays that were never produced . In 1986 he began writing a screenplay for a film titled Mr. Fix @-@ It , and completed the final draft in 1991 . Robert Zemeckis was signed to produce the film , with Gil Bettman hired to direct . Hartman called it " a sort of a merger of horror and comedy , like Beetlejuice and Throw Momma From the Train " , adding , " It 's an American nightmare about a family torn asunder . They live next to a toxic dump site , their water supply is poisoned , the mother and son go insane and try to murder each other , the father 's face is torn off in a terrible disfiguring accident in the first act . It 's heavy stuff , but it 's got a good message and a positive , upbeat ending . " Zemeckis could not secure studio backing , however , and the project collapsed . Another movie idea involving Hartman 's Groundlings character Chick Hazard , Private Eye also fell through . 
 Route 172 begins at an interchange with the local lanes of Route 18 in the city of New Brunswick . The highway heads northward and passes through the Douglass Campus of Rutgers University . Route 172 then intersects with a local road , which serves the purposes of the university . The highway then progresses towards County Route 617 ( CR 617 ; Ryders Lane ) , which heads southward from a roundabout with Route 172 . Route 172 then turns to the west along George Street . After the roundabout , the highway intersects with Nichol Avenue and Route 172 continues into downtown New Brunswick . There , the highway intersects with Bishop Street , and terminates at an intersection with Commercial Avenue and CR 527 continues along George Street , the right @-@ of @-@ way . 
 Greg Price – assistant audio mixer 
 In preparation for World War I , Lafayette announced that their current students would be awarded their degrees in absentia if they enlisted or went to work for farms to support the war effort . Professor Beverly Kunkel organized The Lafayette Ambulance United , Section 61 , United States Army Ambulance Corps . During the summer of 1917 , Dr. MacCracken arranged to turn the campus into a war camp for the War Department . Men trained to serve in mechanical trades . Lafayette remained a war camp until January 2 , 1919 when the regular course of study was re @-@ established at Lafayette . 
 Bristol has teams representing all the major national sports . Bristol City and Bristol Rovers are the city 's main football clubs . Bristol Rugby ( Rugby Union ) and Gloucestershire County Cricket Club are also based in the city . 
 Marilyn Monroe ( born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 – August 5 , 1962 ) was an American actress and model . Famous for playing " dumb blonde " characters , she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s , emblematic of the era 's attitudes towards sexuality . Although she was a top @-@ billed actress for only a decade , her films grossed $ 200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962 . She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon . 
 Brunei , as Brunei Darussalam , competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , which took place between 13 to 29 August 2004 . The country 's participation in Athens marked its fourth appearance at the Summer Olympics since its debut in the 1988 Summer Olympics . 
 On 3 August 1918 , the line was passed by the Parliament of Norway and it was decided that the line was to be built with standard gauge , which by then had become the norm . The decision was controversial , as the line was expected to have little traffic and would therefore not be profitable . A minority of the parliamentarians instead wanted the line to be built with narrow gauge to reduce construction costs . The state required that local municipalities and counties contributed to some of the investment costs . NOK 1 @.@ 2 million was paid by Buskerud County Municipality , while NOK 2 @.@ 17 million million was paid by the various municipalities . The largest amounts were paid by Flesberg with NOK 635 @,@ 000 , Nore with NOK 615 @,@ 000 and Rollag with NOK 517 @,@ 000 , while Uvdal paid NOK 198 @,@ 000 , Kongsberg NOK 125 @,@ 000 and Drammen NOK 80 @,@ 000 . 
 St Mary Redcliffe is one of the largest parish churches in England , and according to some sources it is the largest of all . The spire is also the third tallest among parish churches , and it is the tallest building in Bristol . 
 A linear chain of amino acid residues is called a polypeptide . A protein contains at least one long polypeptide . Short polypeptides , containing less than 20 @-@ 30 residues , are rarely considered to be proteins and are commonly called peptides , or sometimes <unk> . The individual amino acid residues are bonded together by peptide bonds and adjacent amino acid residues . The sequence of amino acid residues in a protein is defined by the sequence of a gene , which is encoded in the genetic code . In general , the genetic code specifies 20 standard amino acids ; however , in certain organisms the genetic code can include selenocysteine and — in certain archaea — pyrrolysine . Shortly after or even during synthesis , the residues in a protein are often chemically modified by post @-@ translational modification , which alters the physical and chemical properties , folding , stability , activity , and ultimately , the function of the proteins . Sometimes proteins have non @-@ peptide groups attached , which can be called prosthetic groups or cofactors . Proteins can also work together to achieve a particular function , and they often associate to form stable protein complexes . 
 Urun appears in " Wings of Liberty " leading the remnants of the Protoss air force in battle during the end of the Protoss mini @-@ campaign , fighting against the hybrids and the enslaved Zerg Swarm . 
 2S 
 " The Son Also Draws " is the sixth episode of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , originally aired on Fox on May 9 , 1999 . The episode follows Chris as he is ejected from the Youth Scouts , and Peter drives the family to Scout headquarters to get him readmitted . During a rest stop at a Native American casino , Lois gambles away the family car . Peter pretends to be a member of the tribe in an attempt to get it back , and is sent on a vision quest to prove his heritage , giving him and Chris an opportunity to bond . 
 Mason was honored in 1981 by the United States Postal Service with an 18 @-@ cent Great Americans series postage stamp . A bas @-@ relief of Mason appears in the Chamber of the U.S. House of Representatives as one of 23 honoring great lawmakers . Mason 's image is located above and to the right of the Speaker 's chair ; he and Jefferson are the only Americans recognized . 
 The Grand Prix was contested by 20 drivers , in ten teams of two . The teams , also known as " constructors " , were Ferrari , McLaren @-@ Mercedes , Renault , Honda , Force India , BMW Sauber , Toyota , Red Bull Racing , Williams and Toro Rosso . 
 " Breathe " is a country pop song with a length of four minutes and twenty @-@ one seconds . The song has soft rock and adult contemporary elements in it . It was written in common time and has a ballad tempo of 72 beats per minute . It is written in the key of D ♭ major , and Swift and Caillat 's vocals span one octave , from G ♭ 3 to B ♭ 4 . " Breathe " follows the chord progression D ♭ 5 – A ♭ – G ♭ . The song 's instrumentation relies mainly on acoustic guitar , which are often plucked , while , on occasion , violins provide the accompaniment . 
 While working on the copy that the Patriarch had commissioned , Jovanović began a second version of the painting , one that retained the woman and her child , the herd of sheep and the wagons carrying refugees . This , Filipovitch @-@ Robinson asserts , is indicative of " Jovanović 's firmness of conviction and artistic integrity . " The second version was smaller than the first , measuring 126 by 190 centimetres ( 50 by 75 in ) . Like the first , it was completed in 1896 , and came to be called the " Pančevo version " as it was acquired by the Pančevo Museum in the 1970s . Shortly after its completion , the rights to the Pančevo version were purchased by Zagreb art collector Petar Nikolić , who secured the right to publish lithographic reproductions of the paining for the next fifty years . Such prints became quite popular , and could be found in Serb homes up to the end of the 20th century . As the Pančevo version was the first to be lithographically reproduced , it became the best known rendition . It was displayed at the 1900 Exposition Universelle ( world 's fair ) in Paris . 
 Yardley 's batting form dipped in the 1950 season . He scored 1 @,@ 082 runs at an average of 24 @.@ 59 , the final time he reached four figures in a season . With the ball he took 19 wickets at an average of 32 @.@ 10 . Yorkshire finished third in the County Championship behind joint winners Lancashire and Surrey . It took seven matches for Yardley to reach fifty runs in an innings , but he hit centuries against Surrey , Somerset and Scotland in the second half of the season . The West Indies toured England and Yardley resumed the England captaincy ; he also captained MCC against the tourists and England against The Rest in a Test trial . However , neither Yardley nor Mann , the two likeliest candidates , were able to accept the captaincy of the MCC side in Australia that winter . The selectors spent much of the season assessing other players . Although Yardley represented the Gentlemen against the Players , the side was led by Brown , who scored a century and was appointed captain of the touring side . Brown also assumed the captaincy of England for the final Test against West Indies and Yardley was left out of the team . In the three Tests he played , Yardley scored 108 runs at an average of 18 @.@ 00 with a top score of 41 . He won the first Test but lost the next two , West Indies ' first Test wins in England ; the final Test was also lost by Brown . Following this series , Yardley did not play any more Tests , although his name was mentioned as a potential captain in 1953 before Hutton was appointed as England 's first professional captain of the twentieth century . At the time , Yardley was still considered the best amateur candidate . In 20 Tests , Yardley scored 812 runs at an average of 25 @.@ 37 and four fifties . With the ball , he took 21 wickets at an average of 33 @.@ 66 . On the fourteen occasions he was captain , he won four times , lost seven and drew three . 
 The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 85 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . The entire route is located in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo . 
 The Serbian and Croatian media waged a fierce propaganda battle over the progress and reasons for the battle . Both sides ' propaganda machines aimed to promote ultranationalist sentiments and denigrate the other side with no pretence of objectivity or self @-@ criticism . Croatian media described the Serbian forces as " Serb terrorists " and a " Serbo @-@ Communist army of occupation " intent on crushing a thousand @-@ year dream of an independent Croatia . The propaganda reached peak intensity in the wake of Vukovar 's fall . The Croatian newspaper Novi list denounced the Serbs as " cannibals " and " brutal Serb extremists " , while the Serbian media depicted the JNA and Serbian forces as " liberators " and " defenders " of the Serbian people , and the Croatian forces as " <unk> hordes " , " blackshirts " , " militants " and " drunk and stoned monsters " . There were overt appeals to racial and gender prejudice , including claims that the Croatian defenders had " put on female dress to escape from the town " and had recruited " black men " . 
 Note that the half @-@ light radius includes stars in the outer part of the cluster that happen to lie along the line of sight , so theorists will also use the half @-@ mass radius ( rm ) — the radius from the core that contains half the total mass of the cluster . When the half @-@ mass radius of a cluster is small relative to the overall size , it has a dense core . An example of this is Messier 3 ( M3 ) , which has an overall visible dimension of about 18 arc minutes , but a half @-@ mass radius of only 1 @.@ 12 arc minutes . 
 " Yesterday 's Gone " – 2 : 34 
 In October 2010 , The New York Times reported that former PTC vice president of development Patrick W. Salazar had accused PTC of mishandling hundreds of thousands of mailings to donors and members . Based on Internal Revenue Service filings , the American Institute of Philanthropy rated PTC " C + " on financial efficiency . Salazar also disputed the PTC 's official membership figure of 1 @.@ 3 million and estimated that at most 12 @,@ 000 people respond to annual fundraisers . Although Salazar stated that he left the PTC in November 2009 , the PTC said that it fired Salazar and that Salazar was trying to extort money from the organization . 
 The game was designed to appeal to players of varying skill levels . To assist less skilled players , bonus coins and 1 @-@ ups are more abundant in earlier worlds , while later worlds present more complex challenges for more experienced players . In the two @-@ player mode , the players alternate turns to balance play time . The development team introduced new power @-@ ups and concepts that would give Mario the appearance of different creatures as a means of providing him with new abilities . An early idea changed Mario into a centaur , but was dropped in favor of a raccoon tail that allows limited flying ability . Other costumes with different abilities were added to his repertoire , and levels were designed to take advantage of these abilities . New enemies were included to add diversity to the game , along with variants of previous enemies , such as Goombas , Hammer Bros. , and Koopa <unk> . 
 One year after the first film , college student Kimberly Corman is headed to Daytona Beach , Florida for spring break with her friends , Shaina McKlank , Dano Estevez , and Frankie Whitman . En route , Kimberly has a premonition of logs falling off a semi , causing a massive car crash that kills everyone involved . She stalls her car on the entrance ramp , preventing several people from entering the highway , including Lottery winner Evan Lewis ; widow Nora Carpenter and her fifteen @-@ year @-@ old son Tim ; businesswoman Kat Jennings ; stoner Rory Peters ; pregnant Isabella Hudson ; high school teacher Eugene Dix ; and Deputy Marshal Thomas Burke . While Thomas questions Kimberly , the pileup occurs . Shaina , Dano and Frankie are killed by a speeding truck , but Kimberly is saved by Thomas . 
 Matt Murdock 's legal partner and best friend , he is also used as a form of comic relief . Favreau joined the cast in February 2002 . Favreau would later go on to direct the Marvel @-@ produced Iron Man and its sequel , Iron Man 2 while also appearing as Happy Hogan . 
 The large and broad pelvic fins have convex margins and originate beneath the pectoral fins . Adult males have stubby claspers . There is a single rounded dorsal fin positioned over the pelvic fins . The short and thick tail has a skin fold running along either side and terminates in a large triangular caudal fin with rounded corners , which is almost symmetrical above and below . The soft skin is completely devoid of dermal denticles . This species varies from yellowish brown to dusky brown above ; parts of the tail 's upper surface are yellowish . The underside is white to yellow with brown fin margins . It grows up to 38 cm ( 15 in ) long and 26 cm ( 10 in ) across , though individuals of this size are rare . 
 Franklin Mendez 
 Gatwick Airport was licensed as a private airfield in August 1930 . It was used during the Second World War as an RAF base , and returned to civil use in 1946 . There were proposals to close the airport in the late 1940s , but in 1950 the government announced that it was to be developed as London 's second airport . It was closed between 1956 and 1958 for rebuilding . Her Majesty The Queen reopened it on 9 June 1958 . A second terminal , the North Terminal , was built in 1988 . An agreement exists between BAA and West Sussex County Council preventing the building of a second runway before 2019 . Nevertheless , consultations were launched in 2002 by the Department for Transport , at which proposals for additional facilities and runways were considered . It was agreed that there would be no further expansion at Gatwick unless it became impossible to meet growth targets at London Heathrow Airport within existing pollution limits . 
 External possessions are divided into two sub @-@ classes , the non @-@ living and the living . According to Jain texts , both internal and external possessions are proved to be hiṃsā ( injury ) . 
 angiogenesis inhibitors like bevacizumab , known to sometimes cause bone pain ; 
 Many of these attacks are considered to have been scurrilous , including suggestions that he was planning to " crown himself king " and " grooming John Quincy as heir to the throne " . However , Peter Shaw has argued that : " [ T ] he inevitable attacks on Adams , crude as they were , stumbled on a truth that he did not admit to himself . He was leaning toward monarchy and aristocracy ( as distinct from kings and aristocrats ) at the time he wrote ' Davila ' , though he did not directly reveal this in its essays . Decidedly , sometime after he became vice @-@ president , Adams concluded that the United States would have to adopt a hereditary legislature and a monarch ... and he outlined a plan by which state conventions would appoint hereditary senators while a national one appointed a president for life . " In contradiction to such notions , Adams asserted in a letter to Thomas Jefferson : " If you suppose that I have ever had a design or desire of attempting to introduce a government of King , Lords and Commons , or in other words an hereditary Executive , or an hereditary Senate , either into the government of the United States , or that of any individual state , in this country , you are wholly mistaken . There is not such a thought expressed or intimated in any public writing or private letter of mine , and I may safely challenge all of mankind to produce such a passage and quote the chapter and verse . " 
 The album 's ethereal artwork mirrors its " delicacy and introverted romance " . The cover art , shot by Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin in Los Angeles , California , is a black and white photograph of Björk lying down on the patterned ground next to a swimming pool , covering her eyes from the sun and wearing her Marjan <unk> swan dress that caused a stir at the 73rd Academy Awards . The duo M / M ( Paris ) , known for applying and integrating their work on photographs ( so called <unk> dans l ’ image , or " drawings in the picture " ) , illustrated the cover , featuring a swan and the album 's title with feathers . Björk thought swans embodied Vespertine 's music , describing them as " a white , sort of winter bird " and " very romantic " . Vespertine came with a booklet of M / M ( Paris ) artwork . 
 Japan is the third @-@ largest market for KFC after China and the United States with 1 @,@ 200 outlets . 
 After the 1939 season had begun , Grove became part of the Oklahoma City Indians of the Texas League ; St. Paul did not see much potential in him . Grove played well enough over the course of the season to receive votes for Most Valuable Player , which ultimately went to Nick <unk> . In 1939 , Grove had a peculiar game while pitching against the Tulsa Oilers . Playing in a night game with virtually no light due to storms , Grove did not allow a hit during his time on the mound , but earned the loss because he walked three men in a row , which allowed a run to score . As the 1940 season began , Grove became a part of the White Sox roster and began his Major League career . 
 By 2003 , she and her husband Robert <unk> lived in Tennessee , where she helped him renovate homes . She was married and divorced at least twice during her life , and Booker T gave her away at one of her weddings . She had one son . 
 " Aesthetics of Hate " is a song by heavy metal band Machine Head from their sixth studio album The Blackening . Written by Machine Head vocalist and guitarist Robert Flynn , the song is a retaliation to an article written by William Grim . Grim wrote that late guitarist Dimebag Darrell was " an ignorant , barbaric , untalented possessor of a guitar " , among other comments which angered Flynn deeply enough to write the song . It was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 50th Grammy Awards . 
 Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Pursuit ( Decca Records ) . 
 Bowie was joined by long @-@ time friend Peter Frampton on the tour . Frampton said " I don 't have a book to sell ; I don 't have an album to sell ; I 'm just here as a guitarist . The pressure is off . I 'm enjoying myself . " Frampton and Bowie had known each other since their teen years when they both attended Bromley Technical School , where Frampton 's father was Bowie 's art teacher . 
 <unk> publisher Martin Delany , who in 1865 became the first African @-@ American field officer in the U.S. Army , was educated in Chambersburg in the 1830s . 
 The S @-@ matrix for an ideal ( infinite isolation and perfectly matched ) symmetrical directional coupler is given by , 
 On 9 May 1922 the first international discussion of Estonian kukersite took place at the 64th meeting of the Institution of Petroleum Technologists . Systematic research into oil shale and its products began at Tartu University 's Oil Shale Research Laboratory in 1925 , initiated by professor Paul <unk> . In 1937 , the Geological Committee under the Ministry of Economic Affairs , and the Institute of Natural Resources , an independent academic institution , were established . A department of mining was established at Tallinn Technical University in 1938 . Estonian oil shale industries conducted tests of oil shale samples from Australia , Bulgaria , Germany and South Africa . 
 The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad ( All India Student 's Union ) , the students ' wing of the RSS . 
 Tiruchirappalli is served by Tiruchirappalli International Airport ( IATA : <unk> , ICAO : <unk> ) , 5 km ( 3 @.@ 1 mi ) from the city centre . The airport handles fivefold more international air traffic than domestic services , making it the only airport in India with this huge variation . It serves as a gateway to immigrants from South @-@ east Asian countries There are regular flights to Abu Dhabi , Chennai , Colombo , Dubai , Kuala Lumpur , Mumbai and Singapore . The airport handled more than 1 million passengers and 2012 tonnes of cargo during the fiscal year 2013 – 14 . 
 This anecdote , the sixth scene of the Hachisuka scroll , occurs at an unspecified date in 1009 . It is part of a description of the lady Saemon no <unk> who , Murasaki Shikibu writes in the diary , hated her . <unk> spread the rumour that Murasaki Shikibu was proud of her Chinese learning ( which in the Heian period was the domain of the male aristocracy ) and gave her the name " Japanese Chronicle Lady " . In the anecdote , Murasaki Shikibu explains she learned Chinese in childhood , that she was taught not to be proud of her learning , keeping it a secret during her life in fear of how others would judge her . The text in the emaki relates how Empress Shōshi requested that Murasaki Shikibu read to her in Chinese and teach her the poetical works of Bai Juyi ( in particular the part known as <unk> ( <unk> ) ) in secrecy . Nevertheless , the Emperor and Prime Minister found out about it and presented to the Empress a number of poetical works . 
 Despite the near @-@ debacle , the commitment of the Sa 'iqa , along with the paratroopers of the 85th Battalion , had actually reinforced Egyptian defenses and helped defeat the Israeli attack . The battle continued south of Lake Timsah in see @-@ saw fashion , raging back and forth , but by nightfall on October 20 the Israelis had made no progress , and the Egyptian paratroopers were firmly in control of Touscan . According to Trevor N. Dupuy , by this time Israeli artillery fire had made the main Cairo @-@ Ismailia road unusable . 
 Prior to West Virginia 's separation from Virginia on June 20 , 1863 , pro @-@ Union supporters in western Virginia created unique flags to show their support for the Union cause . In January 1861 , the residents of Kingwood erected a flagpole measuring about 105 feet ( 32 m ) in height , and on it they hoisted a handmade streamer with the word " UNION " prior to Virginia 's secession . During the war , western Virginia regiments in the Union Army carried flags handmade by supportive women , as was the case with the Fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry who carried a flag bearing the legend " 5th Va . Regiment " in 1861 . 
 Like the majority of long @-@ period extrasolar planets , the orbit of Upsilon Andromedae c is eccentric , more so than any of the major planets in the Solar System ( including Pluto ) . If placed in the Solar System , Upsilon Andromedae c would lie between the orbits of Earth and Venus . 
 In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , NY 17 was realigned between Olean and Wellsville to follow modern NY 417 , eliminating its overlap with NY 16 . By the following year , NY 16 was extended south to the Pennsylvania state line near Portville via NY 17 and what is now NY 305 . The modern routing of NY 16 between Pennsylvania and Olean was designated as NY 16A c . 1932 . The alignments of both NY 16 and NY 16A remained the same until c . 1963 when NY 16A was supplanted by a rerouted NY 16 . The former routing of NY 16 between the Pennsylvania state line and NY 17 became an extension of NY 305 . 
 Bubalus mindorensis prefers tropical highland forested areas . It is typically found in thick brush , near open @-@ canopied glades where it may graze and feed on grasses . Since human habitation and subsequent forest fragmentation of their home island of Mindoro , the habitat preferences of the tamaraw have somewhat expanded to lower @-@ altitude grassy plains . Within their mountainous environment , tamaraws will usually be found not far from sources of water . They have to live by water so they can drink . They live in moist areas such as , marshy areas , and grasslands . 
 After graduating from the Boston Latin School in 1750 , Hancock enrolled in Harvard College and received a bachelor 's degree in 1754 . Upon graduation , he began to work for his uncle , just as the French and Indian War ( 1754 – 1763 ) had begun . Thomas Hancock had close relations with the royal governors of Massachusetts and secured profitable government contracts during the war . John Hancock learned much about his uncle 's business during these years and was trained for eventual partnership in the firm . Hancock worked hard , but he also enjoyed playing the role of a wealthy aristocrat and developed a fondness for expensive clothes . 
 While The Black Mages never toured as a band , they participated in several concert events . These include promotional concerts for the release of their three albums and appearances at orchestral concerts devoted to Final Fantasy music . 
 A dense fog helped to cloud the advance of St. Hilaire 's French division , but as they went up the slope the legendary ' Sun of Austerlitz ' ripped the mist apart and encouraged them forward . Russian soldiers and commanders on top of the heights were stunned to see so many French troops coming towards them . Allied commanders moved some of the delayed detachments of the fourth column into this bitter struggle . Over an hour of fighting destroyed much of this unit . The other men from the second column , mostly inexperienced Austrians , also participated in the struggle and swung the numbers against one of the best fighting forces in the French army , eventually forcing them to withdraw down the slopes . However , gripped by desperation , St. Hilaire 's men struck hard once more and bayoneted the Allies out of the heights . To the north , General Vandamme 's division attacked an area called <unk> Vinohrady ( " Old Vineyards " ) and , through talented skirmishing and deadly volleys , broke several Allied battalions . 
 Plug @-@ in electric vehicle registrations totaled 10 @,@ 769 units in 2013 , and the segment achieved a 6 @.@ 9 % market share of total 2013 car registrations . The Leaf continued as the top selling plug @-@ in electric car in 2013 , with 4 @,@ 604 new units sold , followed by the Tesla Model S with 1 @,@ 986 units , and the Volkswagen e @-@ Up ! with 580 . A total of 23 @,@ 390 plug @-@ in electric vehicles were registered in 2014 including used imports . Combined sales of new and used plug @-@ in electric vehicles captured a 13 @.@ 84 % market share of total passenger car registrations in 2014 . Plug @-@ in electric car sales in 2014 were led by the Nissan Leaf with 4 @,@ 781 new registrations , followed by Tesla Model S with 4 @,@ 040 units . Norway ended 2014 as the top selling European country in the light @-@ duty all @-@ electric market segment , with 18 @,@ 649 passenger cars and utility vans registered . 
 In 1962 , Đính was appointed commander of the III Corps , which oversaw the region surrounding the capital Saigon . He was given the post because Diệm regarded him as one of his most loyal officers . This position meant that Đính would be a critical factor in the success or failure of any coup . In late 1963 , with Diệm becoming increasingly unpopular , Đính 's colleagues recruited him into a coup by playing on his ego . They convinced him to ask Diệm for a cabinet post , knowing that the president was adamantly opposed to military officers serving as ministers and would chastise him . Diệm promptly rebuffed Đính , who became upset and was lured into the plot . Diệm and his brother and chief advisor Ngô Đình Nhu were aware of a coup plot , but did not know of Đính 's involvement . Nhu planned a fake coup of his own in an attempt to trap his opponents and generate positive publicity for his family 's regime . He put Đính in charge of the fake coup , and the general promptly redeployed loyal units outside Saigon and rebel forces near the capital . On 1 November 1963 , the rebels ' actual coup proceeded , and the Ngô brothers were deposed and executed . 
 Several universities wanted to give Spivey a basketball scholarship in 1948 . The University of Kentucky first became aware of Spivey when a Georgia newspaper publisher phoned Fred Wachs , whom writer Earl Cox called " the most powerful man in Lexington " ; according to Cox , Wachs " ran the University of Kentucky " . After hearing of Spivey from the publisher , who indicated a desire to have him attend the university , Wachs notified Kentucky 's men 's basketball coach , Adolph Rupp , who elected to have a scout watch Spivey play . Following positive feedback from the scout , Rupp gave Spivey an invitation to a camp held at Alumni Gymnasium , where he would try out against other leading high school seniors . He received a scholarship on the camp 's first day , one of two players to do so . 
 In this episode , Liz Lemon ( played by Tina Fey ) goes on a date with a young , twenty @-@ year @-@ old coffee delivery man named Jamie ( Val Emmich ) . The date gets awkward due to the seventeen @-@ year age difference between Liz and Jamie . This feeling escalates when Liz meets Jamie 's mother ( Laura Berrios ) . Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) gets a younger boyfriend of her own . Frank Rossitano ( Judah Friedlander ) develops a crush on Jamie . Meanwhile , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) helps Tracy Jordan ( Tracy Morgan ) to coach a Little League Baseball team . 
 Wetlands in the upper and middle basin are fed by rainwater , trapped by the structure of the surrounding land . It is an <unk> and nutrient @-@ poor environment ; what grows usually does so in peat which is created by centuries of decaying plant material . Water levels fluctuate with the subtropical wet and dry seasons . Rain in central and north Florida occurs seasonally during summer and winter , but farther south rain in winter is rare . All plants in these basins must tolerate water fluctuation , both flooding and drought . <unk> ( Magnolia virginiana ) , cypress ( Taxodium ) , and swamp tupelo ( Nyssa biflora ) trees often find great success in this region on raised land called hammocks . Trees that live in water for long periods usually have buttressed trunks , tangled , braided roots , or protrusions like cypress knees to obtain oxygen when under water , but the majority of plant life is aquatic . Wetland staples include the American white waterlily ( Nymphaea odorata ) , pitcher plants , and Virginia iris ( Iris <unk> ) . In the southernmost points of the river , Cladium , or sawgrass , grows in vast swaths of wet prairie that at one time extended into the Everglades . These wetland flora are remarkably successful in filtering pollutants that otherwise find their way into the river . 
 From the 1980s onwards , homosexuality gained much wider mainstream acceptance , and was often incorporated into otherwise conventional speculative fiction stories . Works emerged that went beyond simple representation of homosexuality to explorations of specific issues relevant to the LGBT community . This development was helped by the growing number of openly gay or lesbian authors and their early acceptance by speculative fiction fandom . Specialist gay publishing presses and a number of awards recognising LGBT achievements in the genre emerged , and by the twenty @-@ first century blatant homophobia was no longer considered acceptable by most readers of speculative fiction . There was a concurrent increase in representation of homosexuality within non @-@ literary forms of speculative fiction . The inclusion of LGBT themes in comic books , television and film continues to attract media attention and controversy , while the perceived lack of sufficient representation , along with unrealistic depictions , provokes criticism from LGBT sources . 
 On 13 October 1939 , U @-@ 40 was sunk by a British mine at 50 ° 41 ′ 6 ″ N 00 ° 15 ′ 1 ″ E. She was to operate as part of the first pack of U @-@ boats in World War II ; however , because she left port late , <unk> decided to take a shortcut to the U @-@ boat 's designated meeting point , southwest of Ireland . This shortcut was through the English Channel , which was festooned with many British naval mines . Choosing to make the voyage nearly three and a half hours after high tide , the mines were not at their lowest point . The boat struck one of these devices and sank immediately to the sea floor . Nevertheless , nine crew members were able to exit through the aft escape hatch . Using escape equipment , they were able to reach the surface ; one of the nine died on his journey . Once there , five more died from exposure to the harsh elements of the English Channel . Nearly ten hours after the sinking , the remaining three men were rescued and taken prisoner by HMS Boreas . 
 The Persian strategy , on the other hand , was probably principally determined by tactical considerations . The Persian infantry was evidently lightly armoured , and no match for hoplites in a head @-@ on confrontation ( as would be demonstrated at the later battles of Thermopylae and Plataea . ) Since the Athenians seem to have taken up a strong defensive position at Marathon , the Persian hesitance was probably a reluctance to attack the Athenians head @-@ on . 
 During the 1930s and 1940s , Parker became an increasingly vocal advocate of causes like civil liberties and civil rights , and a frequent critic of those in authority . She reported on the Loyalist cause in Spain for the Communist magazine The New Masses in 1937 . At the behest of Otto Katz , a covert Soviet Comintern agent and operative of German Communist Party agent Willi <unk> , Parker helped to found the Hollywood Anti @-@ Nazi League in 1936 ( which was suspected by the FBI of being a Communist Party front ) . The Hollywood Anti @-@ Nazi League 's membership eventually grew to some 4 @,@ 000 strong . Its often wealthy members ' contributions ( probably not intended to support Communism ) were , in the words of David <unk> , " able to contribute as much to [ Communist ] Party funds as the whole American working class " . 
 British submarines were becoming increasingly active in the Baltic by late 1915 ; several cruisers had been sunk and the elderly Wittelsbach @-@ class ships could no longer be risked there . Therefore , due to their age and vulnerability , they were withdrawn from active service and disarmed by 1916 . They were used as training ships , with the exception of Mecklenburg , which was used as a prison ship . In 1919 , Wittelsbach and Schwaben were converted into depot ships for minesweepers . The entire class , with the exception of Zähringen , were struck from the navy list after the end of World War I. Mecklenburg was struck on 27 January 1920 , Wettin followed on 11 March 1920 , and Wittelsbach and Schwaben were struck on 8 March 1921 . The four ships were broken up between 1921 – 22 . Zähringen was converted into a radio @-@ controlled target ship in 1926 – 27 . Royal Air Force bombers sank the ship in Gotenhafen in 1944 ; the wreck was broken up in 1949 – 50 . 
 On September 23 , 2014 in an interview with Polygon about the cancellation of Blizzard 's next generation MMO Titan , Mike Morhaime confirmed that StarCraft : Ghost was also cancelled . Morhaime said , " It was hard when we canceled Warcraft Adventures . It was hard when we canceled StarCraft : Ghost , but it has always resulted in better @-@ quality work . " In a July 2016 Polygon article , it was suggested that when the game 's production halted the main reasons it was shelved were because the game worked on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox , but it was scheduled to be released in 2005 when the Xbox 360 was about to be released , and it would take a lot of resources to move from the previous console generation to the current generation as well as Blizzard having a lot of success with its then recently released PC @-@ only game World of Warcraft . 
 The museum highlights Vietnam 's prehistory ( about 300 @,@ 000 – 400 @,@ 000 years ago ) up to the August 1945 Revolution . It has over 200 @,@ 000 exhibits displayed covering items from prehistory up to the 1947 revolution and founding of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam , arranged in five major sections . 
 Prior to the 2005 – 06 season , Bosh was named as one of Toronto 's team captains . Bosh continued to work on his game as he consistently chalked up double doubles , leading the team in scoring , rebounding , and field goal percentage for the first half of the season . On February 9 , 2006 , for the first time in his career , Bosh was selected to play in the 2006 NBA All @-@ Star Game in Houston , Texas as a reserve forward for the Eastern Conference . He was only the third Raptor to make an All @-@ Star game , after Carter and Antonio Davis . Bosh 's selection was just three days after he was named NBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week for the second time in his career . In March 2006 , following a season @-@ ending injury to Bosh , the Raptors hit a 1 – 10 skid . This highlighted Bosh 's importance as the centerpiece of the offense , as well as the leader of the team . The Raptors finished the season 27 – 55 and Bosh averaged 22 @.@ 5 points , 9 @.@ 2 rebounds , and 2 @.@ 6 assists per game . 
 Battlecruisers were put into action again during World War II , and only one survived to the end . There was also renewed interest in large " cruiser @-@ killer " type warships , but few were ever begun , as construction of battleships and battlecruisers were curtailed in favor of more @-@ needed convoy escorts , aircraft carriers , and cargo ships . In the post – Cold War era , the Soviet Kirov class of large guided missile cruisers have also been termed " battlecruisers " . 
 Players use melee attacks , firearms and explosives to fight enemies , and may run , jump , swim or use vehicles to navigate the game 's world . There is a first @-@ person perspective option when using vehicles . In combat , auto @-@ aim and a cover system can be used as assistance against enemies . Should players take damage , their health meter can be fully regenerated using multiple techniques , such as eating , using medical kits , or calling for paramedics . If players commit crimes while playing , the game 's law enforcement agencies may respond as indicated by a " wanted " meter in the head @-@ up display ( HUD ) . On the meter , the displayed stars indicate the current wanted level ( for example , at the maximum six @-@ star level , efforts by law enforcement to incapacitate players become very aggressive ) . Law enforcement officers will search for players who leave the wanted vicinity . The wanted meter enters a cooldown mode and eventually recedes when players are hidden from the officers ' line of sight . 
 Brian Henson as Hoggle ( face performance ) 
 The book is rare , sought by collectors , and highly valued . Only eight libraries in the world hold a copy of the book . 
 The New York State Department of Transportation has announced a project to repave NY 74 from Chilson to Paradox . The project is in preliminary development , with construction is expected to begin in early 2013 and reach completion about a year later . Funding will come from state sources and run an estimated cost of $ 8 @.@ 6 million . 
 Parker remained in command for two years , during which Amazon worked mainly in the West Indies trade . She crossed the Atlantic to France in November 1861 , and in Marseille was the subject of a painting , possibly by Honoré de <unk> , a well @-@ known maritime artist of the Marseilles School . In 1863 Parker was succeeded by William Thompson , who remained in command until 1867 . These were quiet years ; Amazon 's mate later recalled that " we went to the West Indies , England and the Mediterranean — what we call the foreign trade . Not a thing unusual happened " . In October 1867 , at Cape Breton Island , Amazon was driven ashore in a storm , and was so badly damaged that her owners abandoned her as a wreck . On October 15 , she was acquired as a derelict by Alexander McBean , of Glace Bay , Nova Scotia . 
 At the time , he had his first confrontation with Spanish authorities , since Betances gave last priority of medical treatment to those Spanish @-@ born military rank and officers who were affected by the disease ( they demanded preferential and immediate treatment , and he openly despised them for it ) . For his hard work to save many Puerto Ricans from the ravages of the cholera epidemic of 1856 , Betances was commended by the city 's government . However , when the central government established a Chief Surgeon post for the city , Betances ( who was the acting chief surgeon ) was passed over , in favor of a Spanish newcomer . 
 In Super Street Fighter IV , the developers attempted to retain Ibuki 's playstyle and feel from Street Fighter III . She was also given a super jump ( the only character , other than C. Viper , to have one in this game ) and made adjustments to have combos that utilize it . Capcom 's <unk> Sano said that " Ibuki is suited to those who want to get the most out of a single character " and " beginners can use her too , but if I had to pick I 'd say she 's suited for intermediate . " Capcom Europe described Ibuki ’ s " <unk> " ( " Thunder Strike " ) command grab as having some unique properties and being one of the most powerful moves in the game . According to an MTV guide , Ibuki is " one of the hardest characters to master in this latest iteration " and players need to gain " a strong understanding of each character 's moves and abilities before truly coming to grips with what the weak , yet versatile Ibuki has to offer . " 
 Coach Ramsay had been hired in 1972 to a three @-@ year contract . He served the 1975 – 76 season on a one @-@ year extension . His contract was not renewed . Ramsay had guided the Braves to the playoffs three years in a row after enduring a 21 – 61 season , accumulating a 158 – 170 overall record . Local reports noted a personality conflict with owner Snyder . The Braves promoted assistant coach <unk> Locke and signed him to a two @-@ year contract . 
 The digestive tract is straight and the foregut consists of a short oesophagus and a two @-@ chambered stomach , the first part of which contains a gizzard @-@ like " gastric mill " for grinding food . The walls of this have chitinous ridges , teeth and calcareous ossicles . The fine particles and soluble material are then moved into the midgut where chemical processing and absorption takes place in one or more pairs of large digestive caeca . The hindgut is concerned with water reclamation and the formation of faeces and the anus is situated at the base of the telson . 
 For the 2013 – 14 season , the League re @-@ aligned and Ottawa was moved to the new Atlantic Division along with the rest of the old Northeast Division and the Columbus Blue Jackets and Detroit Red Wings from the Western Conference . The re @-@ alignment increased the competition to qualify for the playoffs , as there was now 16 teams in the East fighting for eight playoff spots . There were changes on the club as well . Ottawa entered the season with Jason Spezza as the team 's new captain as long @-@ time captain Daniel Alfredsson left to join the Detroit Red Wings after a contract dispute with the club . The same day that Alfredsson signed , the club swung a deal for Anaheim Ducks ' scorer Bobby Ryan . There were numerous other changes to the lineup as well . The club signed free agents Clarke MacArthur and Joe Corvo , while not re @-@ signing veteran defencemen Sergei Gonchar and Andre Benoit . While MacArthur had a career season , Ryan played well until he was injured , and Corvo lost his place in the lineup . The club struggled on defence , with shots and goals against increasing from the previous season . The club was a sub-.500 team much of the season , or only a few games above and never was in a playoff position all season . At the NHL trade deadline , Murray traded for flashy right winger Ales Hemsky from Edmonton and he played well , establishing chemistry on a line alongside Jason Spezza and Milan Michalek , though the club was eliminated from playoff contention in the last week of the season . 
 The chief executive of MLB is the commissioner , Rob Manfred . The chief operating officer is Tony <unk> . There are six executive vice @-@ presidents in charge of the following areas : baseball development , business , labor relations and human resources , finance , administration ( whose vice @-@ president is MLB 's Chief Information Officer ) , and baseball operations . As of November 19 , 2013 , the MLB website lists only five executive VPs ; the office of executive VP for labor relations and human resources is not listed . 
 In 1801 in a letter to the Board of Admiralty , St Vincent made the now famous remark : " I do not say , my Lords , that the French will not come . I say only they will not come by sea . " In 1801 St Vincent was replaced by Admiral William Cornwallis and the new Prime Minister Henry Addington promoted St Vincent to First Lord of the Admiralty . 
 Sperm whales are listed on Appendix I and Appendix II of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals ( CMS ) . It is listed on Appendix I as this species has been categorized as being in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant proportion of their range and CMS Parties strive towards strictly protecting these animals , conserving or restoring the places where they live , mitigating obstacles to migration and controlling other factors that might endanger them . It is listed on Appendix II as it has an unfavourable conservation status or would benefit significantly from international co @-@ operation organised by tailored agreements . It is also covered by the Agreement on the Conservation of Cetaceans in the Black Sea , Mediterranean Sea and Contiguous Atlantic Area ( ACCOBAMS ) and the Memorandum of Understanding for the Conservation of Cetaceans and Their Habitats in the Pacific Islands Region ( Pacific Cetaceans MOU ) . 
 Bill Evans — original liner notes 
 The climate system can warm or cool in response to changes in external forcings . These are " external " to the climate system but not necessarily external to Earth . Examples of external forcings include changes in atmospheric composition ( e.g. , increased concentrations of greenhouse gases ) , solar luminosity , volcanic eruptions , and variations in Earth 's orbit around the Sun . 
 The collection supports research and development in UK , overseas and international industry , particularly in the pharmaceutical industry . BLDSS also provides material to Higher Education institutions , students and staff and members of the public , who can order items through their Public Library or through the Library 's BL Document Supply Service ( BLDSS ) . The Document Supply Service also offers Find it For Me and Get it For Me services which assist researchers in accessing hard @-@ to @-@ find material . 
 Non @-@ comedic roles after Airplane ! included Prom Night ( 1980 ) and Creepshow ( 1982 ) , both horror films , and as a dramatic and unsympathetic character in the 1986 comedy Soul Man . His last dramatic role was as Allen Green , a violent client of a prostitute killed in self @-@ defence by Barbra Streisand 's character , Claudia Draper , in Martin Ritt 's courtroom drama Nuts ( 1987 ) . 
 Žigić 's only start at the 2006 World Cup came in the last fixture , when his team had already been eliminated after losing the first two group matches . He scored early in the first half off a long ball from Stanković against Côte d 'Ivoire – the goal was Serbia @-@ Montenegro 's first of the tournament – but the match ended in a 3 – 2 defeat . 
 Little ( if any ) information exists about the village 's population or demographics before 1801 ; however evidence from the first census indicates that the village grew steadily , reaching a peak in 1871 . A possible indication of the growth in the agricultural output of the village is the construction of two windmills ( possibly used for the production of oil from linseed or rapeseed ) marked at " Beddington " ( present @-@ day <unk> ) on Ordnance Survey drawings dated 1797 and an Ordnance Survey map published between 1819 and 1843 . The mills stood north and south of each other and were approximately 1 ⁄ 2 mile ( 800 m ) to the north @-@ west of the church . House building continued during the mid @-@ to @-@ late 19th century , together with a post office and school . Like much of rural Kent during the time of the Swing Riots ( 1830 ) , Wormshill experienced a degree of civil unrest and Home Office records indicate that " a large body of men , numbering 50 @-@ 100 " assembled at Wormshill with the purpose of " intimidation and to enforce demands on farmers ... inducing other labourers to join them " . 
 Football League First Division / Championship play @-@ offs 
 On September 8 , an upper @-@ level trough spawned a tropical depression southeast of Bermuda ; the next day it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Henri . Struggling against strong westerly wind shear , the system attained a peak intensity of 50 mph ( 85 km / h ) and a minimum pressure of 1003 mbar ( hPa ) , possibly due to baroclinity . Thereafter , increasing interaction with the same upper @-@ level trough to the west degraded Henri 's circulation . It opened up into a trough on September 11 ; the remnants were later absorbed into a non @-@ tropical cyclone over the North Atlantic several days later . 
 We 're confident we 're going to win . It 'll be whichever team does the hitting , and we 're sure we 're going to do it . We 're out of our hitting slump . We have a more experienced team and more experienced pitchers . We 're about even in the strength of the infields , but ours is steadier . Our outfield is better , stronger and more experienced , and all the boys are cocky and ready to go . There 's no doubt in their minds or in mine that the Yankees will win . 
 On 2 October 1894 , Condor was deployed to German East Africa , based in Dar es Salaam to replace the gunboat Möwe . One of the major reasons Condor was sent to the East African Station was the pressure Britain was placing on the Boer republics — the Transvaal and the Orange Free State — which Germany held to be in its interest . While in East Africa , Condor would have been able to rapidly respond to British actions in the region . And so while stationed here , Condor frequently moved back and forth between German East Africa and the eastern coast of South Africa until 1899 , when the Second Boer War broke out . From 15 December 1894 to 1 January 1895 , Condor was anchored in Lourenço Marques , the capital of Portuguese Mozambique . On 27 June , she joined her sister Cormoran in Delagoa Bay . Despite the tensions between Germany and Britain , Condor went to Durban for her annual overhaul , which lasted from 3 August to 16 November . She thereafter returned to German East Africa and replaced her sister Seeadler there . 
 Zeise 's salt , containing an ethylene ligand , was one of the first organometallic compounds discovered . <unk> ( <unk> @-@ 1 @,@ 5 @-@ diene ) platinum ( II ) is a commercially available olefin complex , which contains easily <unk> cod ligands ( " cod " being an abbreviation of 1 @,@ 5 @-@ cyclooctadiene ) . The cod complex and the halides are convenient starting points to platinum chemistry . 
 All songs written and composed by Koichi Sugiyama . 
 Several reviewers compared Tipping the Velvet to Jeanette Winterson 's Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit for a similar story of a woman 's sexual awakening . Waters credits Winterson as an influence in lesbian writing , but states that the books are quite different and her writing is not like Winterson 's at all . Waters suggests that reviewers have bracketed them together because Winterson was the only other lesbian author they could recall . 
 Archaeological confirmation of Bethlehem as a city in the Kingdom of Judah was uncovered in 2012 at the archaeological dig at the City of David in the form of a bulla ( seal impression in dried clay ) in ancient Hebrew script that reads " From the town of Bethlehem to the King , " indicating that it was used to seal the string closing a shipment of grain , wine , or other goods sent as a tax payment in the 8th or 7th century BCE . 
 George 's arrangement remained current until 1996 , when Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges published an arrangement informed by a cladistic analysis of morphological characteristics . Their arrangement maintained B. prionotes in B. subg . Banksia , but discarded George 's sections and his series Crocinae . Instead , B. prionotes was placed at the end of series Banksia , in subseries Cratistylis . Questioning the emphasis on cladistics in Thiele and Ladiges ' arrangement , George published a slightly modified version of his 1981 arrangement in his 1999 treatment of Banksia for the Flora of Australia series of monographs . To date , this remains the most recent comprehensive arrangement . The placement of B. prionotes in George 's 1999 arrangement may be summarised as follows : 
 Locher , J. L. ( 1971 ) . The World of M. C. Escher . Abrams . ISBN 0 @-@ 451 @-@ <unk> @-@ 5 . 
 Susquehanna State Park ( Lycoming County ) 
 By Saturday , the storm 's status had been upgraded to " severe " . The storm was centered over eastern Lake Superior , covering the entire lake basin . The weather forecast of the Port Huron Times @-@ Herald stated that southerly winds had remained " moderate to brisk " . Northwesterly winds had reached gale strength on northern Lake Michigan and western Lake Superior , with winds of up to 60 mph ( 97 km / h ) at Duluth , Minnesota . 
 Hill 's principles were summed up in an article of 1869 : " Where a man persistently refuses to exert himself , external help is worse than useless . " She was an outspoken critic of the principles of " outdoor relief " or the Speenhamland system of poor relief as operated by various Poor Law Boards . Because these systems did not encourage recipients to work , she regarded them as " a profligate use of public funds . " Under her methods , personal responsibility was encouraged . She insisted on dealing with arrears promptly ; she appointed reliable caretakers ; she took up of references on prospective tenants , and visited them in their homes ; she paid careful attention to allocations and the placing of tenants , with regard to size of families and the size and location of the accommodation to be offered ; and she made no rules that could not be properly enforced . 
 Hurricane Paine contributed to one of the most significant flooding events in Oklahoma history . The 16th tropical storm and 8th hurricane of the 1986 Pacific hurricane season , Paine formed on September 28 off the southeast coast of Mexico . It moved around a ridge , later turning to the north and brushing the Baja California Peninsula . By that time , Paine had attained peak winds of 100 mph ( 155 km / h ) , but it weakened slightly before hitting the Mexican state of Sonora . The remnant moisture combined with a cold front to produce heavy rainfall in the south @-@ central United States . 
 The remnants of the native Celtic mythology of the pre @-@ Christian Britons was passed down orally , in much altered form , by the <unk> ( the early poets ) . Some of their work survives in much later medieval Welsh manuscripts , known as : the Black Book of Carmarthen and the Book of Aneirin ( both 13th @-@ century ) ; the Book of Taliesin and the White Book of Rhydderch ( both 14th @-@ century ) ; and the Red Book of <unk> ( c . 1400 ) . The prose stories from the White and Red Books are known as the Mabinogion , a title given to them by their first translator , Lady Charlotte Guest , and also used by subsequent translators . Poems such as Cad <unk> ( The Battle of the Trees ) and mnemonic list @-@ texts like the Welsh Triads and the Thirteen Treasures of the Island of Britain , also contain mythological material . These texts also include the earliest forms of the Arthurian legend and the traditional history of post @-@ Roman Britain . 
 The heterodyne technique is used for ( 1 ) shifting an input signal into a new frequency range as well as ( 2 ) amplifying a weak input signal ( assuming use of an active mixer ) . A weak input signal of frequency f1 is mixed with a strong reference frequency f2 from a local oscillator ( LO ) . The nonlinear combination of the input signals creates two new signals , one at the sum f1 + f2 of the two frequencies , and the other at the difference f1 − f2 . These new frequencies are called <unk> . Typically only one of the new frequencies is desired , and the other signal is filtered out of the output of the mixer . The output signal will have an intensity proportional to the product of the amplitudes of the input signals . 
 Murray had designed a car for the 1979 season called the <unk> that had a Chaparral 2J @-@ type box rear end with twin variable geometry fans on the rear to maximize ground effect . The car was never built thanks to the FIA closing the loophole in the regulations for the 1979 season . 
 Eventually all 12 Chinese divisions of the 9th Army were deployed . Eight divisions of the PVA 20th and 27th Corps served as the main attacking force . Four divisions of the PVA 26th Corps initially were held back in reserve , and deployed after 20th and <unk> Corps exhausted all available strength . 
 In addition to the original cartoon series , the developers gathered ideas from several sources for inspiration , including The Legend of Zelda action @-@ adventure game series , and books such as T. H. White 's The Book of Merlyn and fables from Medieval poet Marie de France . They noted that the hardest part of development was coming up with puzzles for each of the regions , as they had to be " fun and challenging , but not repetitive " . While they tried to maintain a balance between action and puzzles , they noted that they focused more on the puzzle aspect of the game . Favorite parts of the game for the developers include the dragon battles , the boss Blackwing and Morgana 's Warlords . 
 The first reason is that " breakdancing " became an inadvertent umbrella term among the general public for both breaking and the funk styles . The funk styles were created in California independent from breaking , which was created in New York . They are called funk styles because they were originally danced to funk music . This name gives them a separate identity from breaking , which is traditionally danced to break beats . 
 " Military Personnel File of Harry S. Truman " . Harry S. Truman Library & Museum . Retrieved July 27 , 2012 . 
 Bajar dengan Djiwa ( [ <unk> <unk> <unk> ] ; Perfected Spelling : <unk> dengan <unk> ; Indonesian for " Pay with [ One 's ] Soul " ) is a now @-@ lost 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( modern day Indonesia ) . Directed by R Hu and produced by Ang Hock Liem , it starred A Bakar , Djoewariah , O Parma , Oedjang , RS Fatimah , Soelastri , and Zonder . The story centers on two families torn apart by finances and clashes of personality . 
 Katrina 's introduction scene was shot on a nudist beach . During the filming , they requested that beach @-@ goers stay out of the frame so that the film would not face objections from the Indian censor board . The La Tomatina festival of Buñol was re @-@ created for the song " Ik Junoon " . Almost sixteen tons of tomatoes worth ₹ 10 million ( US $ 150 @,@ 000 ) were flown in from Portugal for the shoot . A scene involving a kiss between Hrithik and Katrina was shot even though the couple were initially reluctant to do so . The filming of the song " Señorita " took place in <unk> , a town in the province of Huelva . The crew warned the locals about the song 's volume because the shooting took place at night . In the third day of shooting , the locals came dressed in costumes , and the mayor of <unk> joined them for the shoot . The climax of the film , which features the <unk> , was shot at Pamplona . The final schedules were at <unk> and <unk> in Mumbai in December 2010 . 
 Two routes stop on Waverly Street on the south side of the tracks : 
 In February 2014 , a short preview of the song was released featuring the chorus , performed by Kanye West and Big Sean . Following the track list reveal for the album , on February 7 , 2014 , producer DJ Mustard revealed that he co @-@ produced " Sanctified " with Kanye West . The song was also produced by Mike Dean , along with being written by William Roberts , Sean Anderson , Kanye West , and Dijon McFarlane . Betty Wright lent her vocal talent to the song during a late night studio session she did as a favor to DJ Khaled in order for him to meet a deadline . She recorded the hook in fifteen minutes while sitting on a sofa In the song , West raps about how he feels about people playing up his earlier works and dismiss who he is now , before saying that he 's not going to worry about it . Then later he says , " Wipe my forehead with a handkerchief and wash my sins in the blood of Jesus , People sayin ' , ' Ye , we need another Yeezus . " This being a reference to his experimental sixth studio album . 
 Since wind speed is not constant , a wind farm 's annual energy production is never as much as the sum of the generator nameplate ratings multiplied by the total hours in a year . The ratio of actual productivity in a year to this theoretical maximum is called the capacity factor . Typical capacity factors are 15 – 50 % ; values at the upper end of the range are achieved in favourable sites and are due to wind turbine design improvements . 
 The river takes its name from <unk> , not the other way round . <unk> is derived from the Anglo @-@ Saxon <unk> , meaning cattle bridge , which was also the name of the Saxon Hundred or administrative group of parishes . Before this the river was known as the <unk> . 
 The rebirth of professional box lacrosse in the United States came on March 13 , 1986 , with the formation of the Eagle Pro Box Lacrosse League , which was incorporated by Russ Cline and Chris Fritz . The league originated with four teams : the Philadelphia Wings , New Jersey Saints , Washington Wave , and Baltimore Thunder , and unlike box lacrosse generally , was played during the winter . The league rebranded itself as the Major Indoor Lacrosse League ( <unk> ) immediately after its second season , and in 1998 renamed itself again , this time to the NLL . In 1998 , the NLL entered into the Canadian market for the first time with the Ontario Raiders . Although 5 of the league 's 9 teams are based in American cities , more than two @-@ thirds of the players are Canadian . 
 Narvik Shield ( 30 January 1941 ) 
 The indigenous peoples of the Arctic such as the Chukchi , Inuit , <unk> , and Yupik hunt marine mammals including seals and whales and the Torres Strait Islanders claim ownership of the Great Barrier Reef . They live a traditional life on the islands involving hunting , fishing , gardening , and trading with neighboring peoples in Papua New Guinea and Australia . 
 The League Cup was clearly not one of Ferguson 's main priorities of the season , as he used it to blood the younger and less @-@ known players . After being swept aside in the third round by Ipswich Town – a team at the bottom of the First Division – Ferguson came under intense scrutiny for fielding a reshuffled squad . However , the manager felt that it was , at the time , an unwanted domestic distraction . 
 Gernsback believed that science fiction was educational , claiming , for example , that " teachers encourage the reading of this fiction because they know that it gives the pupil a fundamental knowledge of science and aviation " . He intended Scientific Detective Monthly to be a detective magazine in which the stories had a scientific background ; it would entertain , but also instruct . The subgenre of scientific detective fiction was not new ; it had first become popular in the U.S. between 1909 and 1919 , and the appearance of Gernsback 's magazine was part of a resurgence of popularity in the subgenre at the end of the 1920s . The first issue was dated January 1930 ( meaning it would have been on the newsstands in mid @-@ December 1929 ) . Gernsback was editor @-@ in @-@ chief , and had final say on the choice of stories , but the editorial work was done by his deputy , Hector Grey . 
 Hernan continued to intensify and became the first major hurricane — a storm with winds of 111 mph ( 178 km / h ) or higher — of the season on August 9 . After reaching major hurricane status , Hernan steadily weakened to a minimal hurricane . The weakening continued , and Hernan was further downgraded to a tropical storm on August 11 . As Hernan moved over cold waters , the convection associated with the storm dissipated , leaving only a swirl of clouds . By the morning of August 12 , almost all of the convection associated with Hernan had dissipated and the system was declared a remnant low @-@ pressure area . The remnants of the hurricane caused light rain to Hawaii . 
 Lieber became the Pirates ' Opening Day starter again in 1997 . On June 30 , he threw his only complete game of the year , striking out 10 while allowing one run on five hits in a 3 – 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox . Lieber was inconsistent in 1997 , amassing several winning streaks and several losing streaks during the season . In 33 games ( 32 starts ) , he had an 11 – 14 record , a 4 @.@ 49 ERA , 160 strikeouts , 51 walks , and 193 hits allowed in 188 1 ⁄ 3 innings pitched . He was third in the NL in losses ( behind Mark Leiter 's 17 and teammate Steve Cooke 's 15 ) ; however , he tied Mike Hampton for the most runs batted in by a major league pitcher with eight . 
 Both rivals together with their adherents defended the legality of their elections . In October 1159 cardinals of both obediences produced the manifests to the Emperor Frederick in favour of their elects . The “ Alexandrine ” manifest was subscribed by twenty three cardinals , while that of Victorine faction only by five . Supporters of Victor IV , admitting that they were in minority , justified their action by the fact that the opposite faction broke the rule of unanimity and – in consequence – the election of Rolando was invalid . The opposite party claimed that the principle of unanimity had been breached by the obstructive conduct of merely three cardinals of the Imperial faction , who stubbornly refused to recognize the candidate desired by the rest of the Sacred College . 
 The first Utah State Route to have the number 80 is now known as SR @-@ 92 , which was originally numbered SR @-@ 80 until the 1977 renumbering of Utah State highways . Previously , the freeway 's legislative designation was SR @-@ 2 . 
 WWE Championship / WWE World Heavyweight Championship ( 12 times ) 
 L.A. Takedown , also called L.A. Crimewave and Made in L.A. , is a 1989 crime thriller . Originally filmed as an unsuccessful pilot for an NBC television series , it was reworked and aired as a stand @-@ alone TV film . The film was later released on VHS and , in Region 2 , on DVD . L.A. Takedown was written and directed by Michael Mann and its ensemble cast includes Scott Plank , Alex McArthur , Michael Rooker , Daniel Baldwin , and Xander Berkeley . Scott Plank starred as Vincent Hanna , a detective on the hunt for professional criminal Patrick McLaren , played by McArthur ; the story was based on the real @-@ life investigation of Chicago criminal Neil McCauley . The film is best known as the basis for the 1995 film Heat . The film was moderately well received in retrospective reviews , but remains overshadowed by its remake . 
 In 1946 , Magnusson established the use of stem cells from bone marrow with the first surgical debridement of an OCD lesion . These cells typically differentiate into fibrocartilage and rarely form hyaline cartilage . While small lesions can be resurfaced using this form of surgery , the repair tissue tends to have less strength than normal hyaline cartilage and must be protected for 6 to 12 months . Results for large lesions tend to diminish over time ; this can be attributed to the decreased resilience and poor wear characteristics of the fibrocartilage . 
 Epiacum is in some ways a typical Roman fort : inside the wall are straight roads which cross , a headquarters building ( the <unk> ) , the commandant 's house , a set of barrack blocks for the cohort of auxiliary soldiers , and granaries to store food . Also as usual , there is a bath house and a temple ( dedicated by the auxiliaries to the Emperor Caracalla ) outside the wall . There is an altar to Mithras and another , as already mentioned , to Hercules . 
 While the French troops from Sop @-@ Nao were making their way via canoe to the mother strong point , Teullier and his forces were feeling what one chronicler referred to as l <unk> par le vide ( “ choking @-@ off by creating a void ” ) , the result of a Viet Minh presence in the area . The local villagers no longer spoke to the French , when they had previously been communicative , and the population began leaving ; both the farms and the markets were deserted . The French viewed this as an indicator of imminent enemy attack . Furthermore , the thick jungle and steep slopes isolated the French strong points from all but river and airborne supply . The Viet Minh , on the other hand , were adequately supplied by over 200 @,@ 000 porters , or coolies . Referred to officially as a " relatively small " force , the 300 Chasseurs <unk> and " handful " of French NCOs and two officers were equipped with three 81 @-@ mm and two 60 @-@ mm mortars and two machine guns . They were ordered on April 13 to hold for fourteen days by Colonel Boucher de <unk> , who promised air support . 
 During his stay with the Canucks , Bure initially lived with teammate and countryman Igor Larionov , who helped him transition in the city of Vancouver . He later moved into his own apartment in Downtown Vancouver overlooking False Creek before purchasing a $ 1 million , 6 @,@ 000 @-@ square @-@ foot ( 560 m2 ) mansion in 1994 on Vancouver 's Southwest Marine Drive . He spent numerous off @-@ seasons during this time in Los Angeles . Comparing his time playing for Vancouver and Florida , Bure has recalled playing in the latter as having more opportunity to " live a normal life ... without anyone paying much attention . " 
 Carabane 's population continued to decline gradually after World War II . In 1950 , the construction of a seminary was planned in Carabane , but it was transferred to a new building in <unk> in 1959 . The Carabane mission closed its doors during the wet season of 1953 , 83 years after its inception . The nuns and their interns moved to Ziguinchor . 
 The gills have an adnate attachment to the stem , that is , broadly attached to the stem along all or most of the gill width . The gills are thick , packed close to each other , with veins and color similar to , but paler than , the cap . Some of the gills do not extend the full distance from the edge of the cap to the stem . These short gills , called lamellulae , form two to four groups of roughly equal length . The stem is 1 @.@ 5 – 3 @.@ 0 cm ( 0 @.@ 6 – 1 @.@ 2 in ) tall and 0 @.@ 4 – 0 @.@ 6 cm ( 0 @.@ 16 – 0 @.@ 24 in ) thick ( usually slightly larger near the base ) , and may be attached to the underside of the cap in a central or lateral manner . Like the cap color , stem size is also affected by the type of light received during fruit body maturation . 
 Six character song singles sung by the voice actors of Sakura , Toya , Cerberus , Tomoyo , Yukito and Syaoran released in June 1998 ; each single also contained a short drama track . A character song album titled Cardcaptor Sakura Character Songbook was released in January 1999 containing tracks from the previously released character song singles as well as new tracks sung by the various voice actors . An album titled Tomoeda Elementary Choir Club Christmas Concert , released in December 1999 , contains seven tracks by a children 's choir , including five where they are joined by Junko Iwao , the voice actress for Tomoyo . A four @-@ CD compilation set , Complete Vocal Collection , was released in February 2001 compiling the series ' theme songs , tracks from the character song singles , remixes of previously released songs , and new music . An album containing the theme songs from the TV series and films titled Cardcaptor Sakura Theme Song Collection was released in December 2001 . Victor Entertainment released the albums and singles for Cardcaptor Sakura . An original soundtrack for Cardcaptors titled Cardcaptors : Songs from the Hit TV Series was released in September 2001 by Rhino Entertainment . 
 The following year , a few units arranged ceasefires but the truces were not nearly as widespread as in 1914 ; this was , in part , due to strongly worded orders from the high commands of both sides prohibiting fraternisation . Soldiers were no longer amenable to truce by 1916 . The war had become increasingly bitter after devastating human losses suffered during the battles of the Somme and Verdun , and the incorporation of poison gas . 
 When Munsey sold Famous Fantastic Mysteries to Popular , the editorial policy changed again , to exclude reprints of short fiction that had previously appeared in magazine form . Book length fiction continued to be reprinted , as did some shorter works that had appeared only in books , such as William Hope Hodgson 's " The Derelict " , and Robert W. Chambers ' " The Mask " , both of which appeared in the December 1943 issue . The reprinted novels included G. K. Chesterton 's The Man Who Was Thursday , H. G. Wells ' The Island of Dr. Moreau , H. Rider Haggard 's The Ancient Allan , and works by Algernon Blackwood , Lord Dunsany , and Arthur Machen . Some of the reprinted material was abridged , but despite this , Famous Fantastic Mysteries did an important service to its readers by making works available that had been long out of print , and which in some cases had only been previously published in the U.K. , making their appearance in the magazine the first chance many subscribers would have had to read them . 
 Methoxyflurane has a very high lipid solubility ( oil : gas partition coefficient of around 950 ) , which gives it very slow pharmacokinetics ( induction and emergence characteristics ) ; this being undesirable for routine application in the clinical setting . Initial studies performed in 1961 revealed that in <unk> healthy individuals , induction of general anesthesia with methoxyflurane @-@ oxygen alone or with nitrous oxide was difficult or even impossible using the vaporizers available at that time . It was found to be necessary to administer an intravenous anesthetic agent such as sodium <unk> to ensure a smooth and rapid induction . It was further found that after <unk> induction , it was necessary to administer nitrous oxide for at least ten minutes before a sufficient amount of methoxyflurane could accumulate in the bloodstream to ensure an adequate level of anesthesia . This was despite using high flow ( liters / minute ) of nitrous oxide and oxygen , and with the vaporizers delivering the maximum possible concentration of methoxyflurane . 
 Around 1 @,@ 150 seaports dot Texas 's coast with over 1 @,@ 000 miles ( 1 @,@ 600 km ) of channels . Ports employ nearly one @-@ million people and handle an average of 317 million metric tons . Texas ports connect with the rest of the U.S. Atlantic seaboard with the Gulf section of the Intracoastal Waterway . The Port of Houston today is the busiest port in the United States in foreign tonnage , second in overall tonnage , and tenth worldwide in tonnage . The Houston Ship Channel spans 530 feet ( 160 m ) wide by 45 feet ( 14 m ) deep by 50 miles ( 80 km ) long . 
 The feud between Adrian Adonis and Roddy Piper began when , following a leave of absence from the WWF , Piper returned to find his Piper 's Pit segment replaced by The Flower Shop , a segment hosted by then @-@ effeminate wrestler Adrian Adonis . Piper , who returned as a face , spent weeks crashing Adonis ' show and trading insults , leading to a " showdown " between the two segments that ended with Piper being assaulted and humiliated by Adonis , Piper 's former bodyguard Bob Orton , and Don Muraco . The trio left Piper with his face covered in red lipstick , lying in the middle of the remnants of the destroyed Piper 's Pit set . In response , Piper stormed the set of Adonis ' show and destroyed it with a baseball bat . This led to their Hair vs. Hair match at WrestleMania III , which was billed as Piper 's retirement match from wrestling before becoming a full @-@ time actor . 
 Brosnan left Ireland on 12 August 1964 and was reunited with his mother and her new husband , William Carmichael , now living in the Scottish village of Longniddry , East Lothian . Carmichael took Brosnan to see a James Bond film for the first time ( Goldfinger ) , at the age of 11 . Later moving back to London , Brosnan was educated at Elliott School , a state comprehensive school in Putney , south west London . Brosnan has spoken about the transition from Ireland to England and his education in London ; " When you go to a very large city , a metropolis like London , as an Irish boy of 10 , life suddenly moves pretty fast . From a little school of , say , seven classrooms in Ireland , to this very large comprehensive school , with over 2 @,@ 000 children . And you 're Irish . And they make you feel it ; the British have a wonderful way of doing that , and I had a certain deep sense of being an outsider . " When he attended school , his nickname was " Irish " . 
 The large cent was replaced by a smaller version made of 88 % copper and 12 % nickel in 1857 . In 1861 , the Civil War began , and when efforts to finance the war via borrowing failed , the Treasury stopped paying out gold in December 1861 . The United States shifted to a paper money @-@ based economy with little disruption . By June 1862 , the price of silver had risen to the point where coins of that metal vanished from circulation , many exported to Canada , where they were both acceptable in circulation , and could be exchanged for gold . This departure of low @-@ value coins was far more disruptive to commerce than the loss of the high @-@ denomination gold coins , and change in transactions was made by a variety of makeshifts . These included currency issues by cities and businesses , encased postage stamps , and federally issued fractional currency — paper notes in denominations as small as three cents . The low @-@ value paper currency , whether issued by government or business , were called shinplasters by the public , which disliked them . On the Pacific Coast , where paper money was not favored , silver and gold continued to circulate . 
 Referee — Terry Koharski 
 As relations between Hungary and the Ottoman Empire deteriorated , Suleiman resumed his campaign in Central Europe and on 29 August 1526 , he defeated Louis II of Hungary ( 1506 – 26 ) at the Battle of Mohács . In its wake , Hungarian resistance collapsed and the Ottoman Empire became the preeminent power in Central Europe . Upon encountering the lifeless body of King Louis , Suleiman is said to have lamented : " I came indeed in arms against him ; but it was not my wish that he should be thus cut off before he scarcely tasted the sweets of life and royalty . " While Suleiman was campaigning in Hungary , Turkmen tribes in central Anatolia revolted under the leadership of Kalender Çelebi . 
 There are about 2 @,@ 000 species of antlion found in most parts of the world , with the greatest diversity being in warmer areas . The best known species are those in which the larvae dig pits to trap their prey , but by no means all species do this . Antlions live in a range of usually dry habitats including open woodland floors , scrub @-@ clad dunes , hedge bases , river banks , road verges , under raised buildings and in vacant lots . 
 Along with being an amateur folklorist and musician , Bascom Lamar Lunsford was a lawyer practicing in rural North Carolina during the 1920s . At the time , the manufacturing of alcohol was illegal in the United States due to prohibition , but North Carolina residents nevertheless continued their longstanding tradition of making a form of illegal whiskey called moonshine . Lunsford frequently defended local clients that were accused of the practice , and the original lyrics and banjo accompaniment to " Good Old Mountain Dew " were written during the course of one of these cases . In 1928 , Lunsford recorded the song for Brunswick Records . 
 John Hancock Center ( 1 @,@ 127 feet ( 344 m ) ) 
 As with all long @-@ eared spaniels , Russian Spaniels require checks to prevent ear infections . The breed does have an inclination to gain weight easily , which can be prevented by controlling food intake . The Russian Spaniel can be prone to food allergies , which are usually identified at between 1 and 5 months of age with the most common allergens being chicken and carrots . There are no other breed @-@ specific health issues currently known . 
 Due in part to his previous business contacts in Russia , Remek was appointed to the Czech Embassy in Moscow as a Trade and Economic Counselor . During the 2004 European Parliament election , Remek was a candidate for the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia and , being second on the list behind Miloslav <unk> , was elected into the European Parliament . During his first term ( 20 July 2004 to 13 July 2009 ) , Remek was a member of the Confederal Group of the European United Left – Nordic Green Left in the European Parliament . He was a vocal proponent of the EU 's Galileo satellite constellation warning that bureaucratic delay could cede opportunity to the <unk> , a Chinese competitor . He was reelected in 2009 . When Petr <unk> resigned as the Czech Ambassador to Russia in December 2012 , the ambassadorship sat empty for a year until the President of the Czech Republic , Miloš Zeman , appointed Remek in January 2014 . The appointment met with controversy as it was against the wishes of Zeman 's Foreign Minister , Karel Schwarzenberg . Observers have noted Remek has a friendly history with the Russians and although his communist affiliations are a minority in Russia , his appointment represents Zeman 's pragmatic and pro @-@ Russia stance . 
 The main ovals are the dominant part of the Jovian aurorae . They have stable shapes and locations , but their intensities are strongly modulated by the solar wind pressure — the stronger solar wind , the weaker the aurorae . As mentioned above , the main ovals are maintained by the strong influx of electrons accelerated by the electric potential drops between the magnetodisk plasma and the Jovian ionosphere . These electrons carry field aligned currents , which maintain the plasma 's co @-@ rotation in the magnetodisk . The potential drops develop because the sparse plasma outside the equatorial sheet can only carry a current of a limited strength without those currents . The precipitating electrons have energy in the range 10 – 100 keV and penetrate deep into the atmosphere of Jupiter , where they ionize and excite molecular hydrogen causing ultraviolet emission . The total energy input into the ionosphere is 10 – 100 TW . In addition , the currents flowing in the ionosphere heats it by the process known as Joule heating . This heating , which produces up to 300 TW of power , is responsible for the strong infrared radiation from the Jovian aurorae and partially for the heating of the thermosphere of Jupiter . 
 Robson started her 2014 season at the Hobart International , where she had to retire in her first round match against Yanina Wickmayer due to a left wrist injury . Her wrist continued to affect her at the Australian Open , where Kirsten <unk> defeated her in straight sets . After taking three @-@ months rest from the tour , Robson underwent surgery on her left wrist in April . The surgery forced her to miss the French Open , Wimbledon and the US Open , and although Robson initially hoped to be playing by the end of the season , she only started training in October , and did not play again in 2014 . 
 Koch returned to the East Indies operation , and on 30 January 1942 , when in command of Corio , he was shot down off Timor by seven Japanese Zeros whilst carrying out a relief flight to Surabaya , Dutch East Indies . Of the eighteen people on board , five survived . Koch was wounded by gunfire in the left leg and left arm , and broke his right leg in the subsequent crash landing . Despite the injuries , he swam about five miles to the shore where he was looked after by local people , until the Dutch Navy found the survivors some days later , and rescued them with a Dornier flying boat . Some three weeks later , he was in Darwin hospital on the day of the first Japanese raid on Darwin . By good fortune , the QEA flying boat Camilla survived the raid , and Koch was flown to Sydney for treatment . 
 Note : All dates and times in this chronology are approximate and should be taken as an order of magnitude indicator only . 
 In addition to the seasons which did not feature post @-@ season fights between the coaches , several seasons have been impacted , forcing postponements . Due to injuries to the season six coaches Matt Serra and Matt Hughes , their fight was postponed . Serra suffered a herniated disc in his lower back and Hughes later suffered a torn MCL before the fight finally took place at UFC 98 . The fight between season ten coaches Rashad Evans and Quinton Jackson took place at UFC 114 with Rashad Evans winning by unanimous decision . The fight was postponed by five months due to Jackson 's A @-@ Team filming commitments and his temporary decision to retire from fighting . 
 In Mitch Hawker 's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll , Montu entered at position 2 in 1999 , before dropping to a low of 20 in 2010 . The ride 's ranking in subsequent polls is shown in the table below . 
 The Volcano is the southernmost of 10 volcanoes comprising the Iskut @-@ Unuk River Cones volcanic field , as well as the most recent to erupt . Its structure is poorly formed and has been reduced by erosion from alpine glacial ice found at its elevation and latitude . It represents one of the few historically active volcanoes in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province , with a base elevation estimated to be 100 m ( 330 ft ) . Like most cinder cones , The Volcano consists of a pile of loose volcanic ash , lapilli @-@ sized tephra and volcanic bombs . These were deposited during periods of lava fountain activity . The vent area contains volcanic bombs up to 0 @.@ 5 m ( 1 @.@ 6 ft ) long and small deposits of sulfur precipitated from volcanic gases . 
 Offenses where impalement was occasionally employed include : contempt for the state 's responsibility for safe roads and trade routes by committing highway robbery or grave robbery , violating state policies or monopolies , or subverting standards for trade . Offenders have also been impaled for a variety of cultural , sexual and religious reasons . 
 On 8 May violence broke out in Alexandra , Gauteng after residents found two ballot boxes dumped in the area . An IEC office was damaged . 
 Lagmann mac Gofraid , known in Old Norse as <unk> Guðrøðarson and <unk> Guðrøðarson , was a late eleventh @-@ century King of the Isles , whose rise , reign , and fall from power are obscure . He was the eldest son of Gofraid Crobán , King of Dublin and the Isles , a Norse @-@ Gaelic dynast who conquered and ruled the kingdoms of the Isles and Dublin , before dying in 1095 . Three years after the latter 's death , the Isles was conquered by Magnús Óláfsson , King of Norway , whose regime in the region lasted until his death in 1103 . The chronology of Lagmann 's reign is uncertain : he may have begun his reign either before Magnús ' conquest , during his regime , or after his demise . 
 On January 10 , 1956 , Presley made his first recordings for RCA in Nashville . Extending the singer 's by now customary backup of Moore , Black , and Fontana , RCA enlisted pianist Floyd Cramer , guitarist Chet Atkins , and three background singers , including first tenor Gordon Stoker of the popular Jordanaires quartet , to fill out the sound . The session produced the moody , unusual " Heartbreak Hotel " , released as a single on January 27 . Parker finally brought Presley to national television , booking him on CBS 's Stage Show for six appearances over two months . The program , produced in New York , was hosted on alternate weeks by big band leaders and brothers Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey . After his first appearance , on January 28 , introduced by disc jockey Bill Randle , Presley stayed in town to record at RCA 's New York studio . The sessions yielded eight songs , including a cover of Carl Perkins ' rockabilly anthem " Blue Suede Shoes " . In February , Presley 's " I Forgot to Remember to Forget " , a Sun recording initially released the previous August , reached the top of the Billboard country chart . Neal 's contract was terminated and , on March 2 , Parker became Presley 's manager . 
 Contemporary rumor held that Burton 's indictment had been ordered by President Theodore Roosevelt . Although Joseph W. Folk , the Circuit Attorney for the City of St. Louis ( and future Governor of Missouri ) , had recently visited with the President and Attorney General , the New York Times reported that " there was not a word in either of those interviews about the Burton case . " 
 Set in the fantasy world of Spira , the game 's story revolves around a group of adventurers and their quest to defeat a rampaging monster known as Sin . The player character is Tidus , an athlete star of the fictional sport known as blitzball , who finds himself in the world Spira after his home city of Zanarkand is destroyed by Sin . Shortly after arriving to Spira , Tidus joins the summoner Yuna on her pilgrimage to destroy Sin . 
 The idea that the rate of oil production would peak and irreversibly decline is an old one . In 1919 , David White , chief geologist of the United States Geological Survey , wrote of US petroleum : " ... the peak of production will soon be passed , possibly within 3 years . " In 1953 , Eugene Ayers , a researcher for Gulf Oil , projected that if US ultimate recoverable oil reserves were 100 billion barrels , then production in the US would peak no later than 1960 . If ultimate recoverable were to be as high as 200 billion barrels , which he warned was wishful thinking , US peak production would come no later than 1970 . Likewise for the world , he projected a peak somewhere between 1985 ( one trillion barrels ultimate recoverable ) and 2000 ( two trillion barrels recoverable ) . Ayers made his projections without a mathematical model . He wrote : " But if the curve is made to look reasonable , it is quite possible to adapt mathematical expressions to it and to determine , in this way , the peak dates corresponding to various ultimate recoverable reserve numbers " 
 In her role as the seductive femme fatale , Ayesha is part of " a long tradition of male fantasy that includes Homer 's Circe , Shakespeare 's Cleopatra , and Keats 's ' La Belle Dame sans Merci ' " . Brantlinger identifies the theme of " the white ( or at least light @-@ skinned ) queen ruling a black or brown @-@ skinned savage race " as " a powerfully erotic one " with its opposite being " the image of the helpless white woman captured by savages and threatened , at least , with rape " . The figure of She both inspires male desire and dominates male sovereignty , represented in her conquest of the enlightened Victorians Holly and Leo . The two Englishmen embody the powers of manhood , with Leo a reflection of masculine physicality and Holly a representation of man 's intellectual strength ; but both are conquered by the feminine powers of She , who rules as much through sex @-@ appeal as through sorcery , immortality , and will . Thus Steven Arata describes her as " the veiled woman , that ubiquitous nineteenth @-@ century figure of male desire and anxiety , whose body is Truth but a Truth that blasts " . Similarly , Sarah Gilbert sees the theme of feminine sexuality and authority realised in Ayesha as critical to the novel 's success : " Unlike the women earlier Victorian writers had idealised or excoriated , She was neither an angel nor a monster . Rather , She was an odd but significant blend of the two types – an <unk> chaste woman with monstrous powers , a monstrously passionate woman with angelic charms " . 
 This shocked the French colonists , who feared that their capital city would be the next target . Quebec did not have extensive fortifications in 1690 , and the whole landward side of the city to the north and west was exposed , particularly at the Plains of Abraham . Count Frontenac returned to Canada for a second term as Governor @-@ General , and ordered the construction of a wooden palisade to enclose the city from the fort at the Château Saint @-@ Louis to the Saint @-@ Charles River . Town Major Provost oversaw the construction of eleven small stone redoubts in this enceinte , which would have protected against cannon . Facing the plains on the west side was the strong point of the landward defences — a windmill called Mont @-@ Carmel where a three @-@ gun battery was in place . The palisade line ended on the east side of the city , near the hospital . The batteries facing the river were also improved , with eight guns mounted beside the Château and six 18 @-@ pounders at the <unk> . Temporary obstacles had also been put in place on the street leading up to the upper city . 
 Q called the album " a <unk> , hugely confident record that should see Fall Out Boy swiftly elevated into mainstream rock 's premier league , " and Blender called it " the brightest , <unk> , <unk> record Fall Out Boy have ever made . " Blender ranked Folie at number 10 on its 33 best albums of the year list . Jaimie Hodgson of The Observer complimented producer Neal Avron 's " squeaky clean " production . In a more negative review of the album , Jesse Cataldo of Slant wrote that " the band 's songs are catchy at heart , enjoyable in a trifling but substantial way , until they 're smeared with layer after layer of smarm , nullifying any chance of their music being consumed as a simple , empty pleasure . " Cataldo also expressed displeasure with Lil Wayne 's performance as well as production from Pharrell Williams , which he deemed a " promising concept [ ... ] quickly discarded " , summarizing that , " Folie à Deux seems to prove , if nothing else , that Fall Out Boy is good at masking their best qualities and pushing forward their most annoying ones . " 
 Humans have interacted with the Hemiptera for millennia . Some species are important agricultural pests , damaging crops by the direct action of sucking sap , but also harming them indirectly by being the vectors of serious viral diseases . Other species have been used for biological control of insect pests . Hemipterans have been cultivated for the extraction of dyestuffs cochineal ( also known as carmine ) and for shellac . The bed bug is a persistent parasite of humans . Cicadas have been used as food , and have appeared in literature from the Iliad in Ancient Greece . 
 The fourth mission in the World Heritage Site , the mission of Concepción , was initially founded in 1699 by the Jesuit priests Fr . Francisco Lucas Caballero and Fr . Francisco Hervás . A nearby mission , San Ignacio de <unk> , was incorporated in 1708 . The mission was moved three times : in 1707 , 1708 and 1722 . The mission was inhabited by the <unk> , the largest tribe in the region . The mission church was constructed between 1752 and 1756 , by Fr . Martin Schmid and Fr . Johann Messner . From 1975 to 1996 the mission was reconstructed as part of Hans Roth 's restoration project . 
 Airfoil : NACA <unk> 
 Lord Pitfour was widely admired and often dined with fellow lawyer and biographer James Boswell , who declared Pitfour to be one of the greatest Scottish lawyers . This was endorsed by the diarist John Ramsay of Ochtertyre ( 1736 – 1814 ) , who remarked that Pitfour was one of a small number of barristers who he found satisfying hear speak . Pitfour practised law in Edinburgh at the height of the Scottish Enlightenment and was a member of The Poker Club . 
 The Constitution of Ireland provides , " Titles of nobility shall not be conferred by the State " ( Article 40 @.@ 2 @.@ 1 ° ) and " No title of nobility or of honour may be accepted by any citizen except with the prior approval of the Government " ( Article 40 @.@ 2 @.@ 2 ° ) . Legal experts are divided on whether this clause prohibits the awarding of membership of the Order of St Patrick to Irish citizens , but some suggest that the phrase " titles of nobility " implies hereditary peerages and other noble titles , not lifetime honours such as knighthoods . In any case , an Irish citizen would require the approval of the Government of Ireland to receive an award from a reigning monarch of the United Kingdom in this manner . 
 Later historians suggest Elagabalus showed a disregard for Roman religious traditions and sexual taboos . He replaced the traditional head of the Roman pantheon , Jupiter , with the deity of whom he was high priest , Elagabalus . He forced leading members of Rome 's government to participate in religious rites celebrating this deity , over which he personally presided . Elagabalus was supposedly " married " as many as five times , lavished favours on male courtiers popularly thought to have been his lovers , and was reported to have prostituted himself in the imperial palace . His behavior estranged the Praetorian Guard , the Senate , and the common people alike . Amidst growing opposition , Elagabalus , just 18 years old , was assassinated and replaced by his cousin Severus Alexander on 11 March 222 , in a plot formulated by his grandmother , Julia Maesa , and carried out by disaffected members of the Praetorian Guard . 
 Empty weight : 8 @,@ 500 kg ( 18 @,@ 750 lb ) 
 In 405 BC , the Athenian navy was defeated and destroyed by the Peloponnesian fleet under Lysander at the Battle of Aegospotami in the Hellespont . Without sufficient funds to build another fleet , the Athenians could only wait as Lysander sailed westward across the Aegean towards their city . <unk> by land and sea , with their food supplies running low , the Athenians sent ambassadors to the Spartan king Agis , whose army was camped outside their walls , offering to join the Spartan alliance if they were allowed to keep their walls and port ; Agis , claiming that he had no power to negotiate , sent the ambassadors on to Sparta , but there they were told that , if they really wanted peace , they should bring the Spartans better proposals . The Athenians were initially intransigent , going so far as to imprison a man who suggested that a stretch of the long walls be torn down as the Spartans had insisted , but the reality of their situation soon compelled them to consider compromises . In this situation , Theramenes , in a speech to the assembly , requested that he be sent as an ambassador to Lysander ( who was at this time besieging Samos ) to determine the Spartans ' intentions towards Athens ; he also stated that he had discovered something that might improve the Athenians ' situation , although he declined to share it with the citizenry . His request was granted , and Theramenes sailed to Samos to meet with Lysander ; from there , he was sent to Sparta , perhaps stopping at Athens on the way . At Sparta , with representatives of all of Sparta 's allies present , Theramenes and his colleagues negotiated the terms of the peace that ended the Peloponnesian War ; the long walls and the walls of Piraeus were pulled down , the size of the Athenian fleet was sharply limited , and Athenian foreign policy was subordinated to that of Sparta ; the treaty also stipulated that the Athenians were to use " the constitution of their ancestors " . Theramenes returned to Athens and presented the results of the negotiations to the assembly ; although some still favored holding out , the majority voted to accept the terms ; the Peloponnesian War , after 28 years , was at an end . 
 The exterior facade displays an architecture which can be variable according to the temples , but always includes the words " Antoinist Worship " ( " Culte Antoiniste " ) and the year of the building consecration . At the entrance , there is a porch where various writings of the religious movement , the internal regulations ( in France only ) , the list of the places of worship and the holidays , as well as photos of the Antoine couple and of the various temples , are exhibited behind display windows . 
 Suleiman became a prominent monarch of 16th @-@ century Europe , presiding over the apex of the Ottoman Empire 's economic , military and political power . Suleiman personally led Ottoman armies in conquering the Christian strongholds of Belgrade and Rhodes as well as most of Hungary before his conquests were checked at the Siege of Vienna in 1529 . He annexed much of the Middle East in his conflict with the Persian Safavids and large areas of North Africa as far west as Algeria . Under his rule , the Ottoman fleet dominated the seas from the Mediterranean to the Red Sea and through the Persian Gulf . 
 The premise behind " Chimera " was " a compelling examination of the evil that lies beneath a prototypical white @-@ bread suburban existence . " These themes had previously been explored in the season six episode , " Arcadia " . However , the show wished to explore the same ideas in a more " straight @-@ ahead scare " style , rather than supplementing the horror of the episode with humor , as was done in " Arcadia " . Series creator , Chris Carter , saw the episode as " a chance to do something bold and new . " Carter wanted the story to revolve around a crow , an image that he described simply as " scary " . With the story , he wanted to " bust pretense and perception and expose the underbelly of a white @-@ bread community . " Originally , the episode was going to feature a subterranean monster and was aptly going to be titled " Subterranean Monster Blues " . 
 East Midlands Airport is within one hour 's drive of the city , and Manchester Airport is connected directly to Sheffield by a direct train every hour . 
 Juno or Juno Beach was one of five beaches of the Allied invasion of German occupied France in the Normandy landings on 6 June 1944 , during the Second World War . The beach spanned from Courseulles , a village just east of the British beach Gold , to Saint @-@ Aubin @-@ sur @-@ Mer , just west of the British beach Sword . Taking Juno was the responsibility of the Canadian Army , with sea transport , mine sweeping , and a naval bombardment force provided by the Royal Canadian Navy and the British Royal Navy as well as elements from the Free French , Norwegian , and other Allied navies . The objectives of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division on D @-@ Day were to cut the Caen @-@ Bayeux road , seize the Carpiquet airport west of Caen , and form a link between the two British beaches of Gold and Sword on either side of Juno Beach . 
 On December 6 , 1950 , Washington Post music critic Paul Hume wrote a critical review of a concert by the president 's daughter Margaret Truman : 
 The wife of producer Pandro S. Berman convinced him to create a film with Presley in the last role . Berman delegated the casting to Benny Thau , head of the studio and Abraham <unk> , the then president of William Morris Agency . Berman hired Richard Thorpe , who was known for shooting productions quickly . The production of Jailhouse Rock began on May 13 , 1957 , and concluded on June 17 of that year . The dance sequence to the film 's title song " Jailhouse Rock " is often cited as " Presley 's greatest moment on screen " . 
 NY 177 begins at interchange 42 on I @-@ 81 in the town of Adams . The route progresses away from the interstate to the southeast , passing the former railroad station in Adams Center before intersecting with US 11 in the center of the hamlet . At this intersection , NY 177 turns eastward , leaving the populated hamlet for a rural backdrop and into the hamlet of Honeyville . Honeyville consists of little more than a few houses centered on the intersection of NY 177 and Fuller Road . After leaving Honeyville , NY 177 intersects with CR 155 , where it turns to the southeast into the town of Rodman . After crossing a creek , the route enters the hamlet of Rodman as a two @-@ lane road through the southern end of the hamlet . During the stretch around Rodman , NY 177 intersects with CR 85 ( Creek Road ) and CR 97 ( Washington Park Road / School Street ) before leaving the hamlet . 
 When writing the song , vocalist Chris Martin originally intended to use a church @-@ style organ for the track . Unable to gain access to the instrument , Martin instead used an old keyboard that his late father @-@ in @-@ law , Bruce Paltrow , gave to his daughter Gwyneth . However , in other instances Martin has claimed that " Fix You " is influenced by English alternative rock band Elbow 's 2003 anthem " Grace Under Pressure " . 
 The 1994 Pacific hurricane season set several records . First , three hurricanes reached Category 5 intensity on the Saffir @-@ Simpson Hurricane Scale , setting a record later tied in 2002 . Hurricane John lasted longer and spent more time tropical than any other tropical cyclone on Earth in recorded history . Eleven tropical cyclones entered or formed in the central Pacific , a record shared with the 1992 season until the 2015 season broke the record . Finally , of the four most intense hurricanes recorded in the Central Pacific , three of them occurred this season . 
 Pre @-@ production for the first version of the " Ain 't It Fun " music video started in early July 2013 . Alternative Press reported that Jonathan Desbiens , also known as <unk> , was commissioned to direct the video . The video shoot continued into August , when Williams posted a picture of the band in the set . Two months later , however , the band posted a statement where they revealed that the video had been cancelled . Williams cited " unhappiness with the direction the video was headed " as an explanatory factor ; in replacement , a video for " Daydreaming " was filmed . 
 Escadron de Chasse 4 / 11 " Jura " at Bordeaux @-@ Mérignac . Formed August 1978 , disbanded June 1992 . 
 The politics of Croatia are defined by a parliamentary , representative democratic republic framework , where the Prime Minister of Croatia is the head of government in a multi @-@ party system . Executive power is exercised by the Government and the President of Croatia . Legislative power is vested in the Croatian Parliament ( Croatian : Sabor ) . The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature . The parliament adopted the current Constitution of Croatia on 22 December 1990 and decided to declare independence from Yugoslavia . The declaration of independence came into effect on 8 October 1991 . The constitution has since been amended several times . The first modern parties in the country developed in the middle of the 19th century , and their agenda and appeal changed , reflecting major social changes , such as the breakup of Austria @-@ Hungary , the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , dictatorship and social upheavals in the kingdom , World War II , the establishment of Communist rule and the breakup of the SFR Yugoslavia . 
 Recasner lives in Bellevue , Washington , during the off @-@ season . He and his wife Karen have four children : Sydney , Erin , Lauren , and Eldridge III . Recasner had wed on August 14 , 1993 . During his NBA career his mother , Joyce , and sister , <unk> , lived in New Orleans , but he lived in Bellevue . 
 Succeeded as COMARRC by Sir Mike Jackson , Walker was promoted to acting general and appointed Commander in Chief , Land Command on 27 January 1997 . He was granted the substantive rank of general on 2 April 1997 . In recognition of his service with IFOR between 1995 and 1996 , Walker was awarded the American Legion of Merit ( Degree of Commander ) , and granted unrestricted permission to wear the decoration , in May 1997 . In September 1997 , he was appointed Aide @-@ de @-@ Camp General to Queen Elizabeth II , succeeding General Sir Michael Rose , until he in turn was succeeded by General Sir Richard Dannatt . He was promoted to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in the New Year Honours List at the end of 1999 . 
 Several major weaknesses in Kaga 's design were not rectified . Kaga 's aviation fuel tanks were incorporated directly into the structure of the carrier , meaning that shocks to the ship , such as those caused by bomb or shell hits , would be transmitted directly to the tanks , resulting in cracks or leaks . Also , the fully enclosed structure of the new hangar decks made fire suppression difficult , at least in part because fuel vapors could accumulate in the hangars . Adding to the danger was the requirement from the Japanese carrier doctrine that aircraft be serviced , fueled , and armed whenever possible on the hangar decks rather than on the flight deck . In addition , the carrier 's hangar and flight decks carried little armor protection . Furthermore , there was no redundancy in the ship 's fire @-@ extinguishing systems . These weaknesses would later be crucial factors in the loss of the ship . 
 The spinner shark is a fast , active swimmer that sometimes forms large schools , segregated by age and sex . Young individuals prefer cooler water temperatures than adults . Off South Africa , females are found close to shore year @-@ round while males only appear during the summer . Smaller spinner sharks may be preyed upon by larger sharks . Known parasites of the spinner shark include the copepods Kroyeria <unk> , Nemesis <unk> , and N. atlantica , which infest the shark 's gills , Alebion <unk> , which infests the skin , Nesippus orientalis , which infests the mouth and gill arches , and Perissopus dentatus , which infests the nares and the rear margins of the fins . 
 Ayn Rand ( / <unk> <unk> / ; born Alisa <unk> <unk> Rosenbaum , Russian : <unk> ́ <unk> <unk> ́ <unk> <unk> ́ <unk> ; February 2 [ O.S. January 20 ] 1905 – March 6 , 1982 ) was a Russian @-@ born American novelist , philosopher , playwright , and screenwriter . She is known for her two best @-@ selling novels , The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged , and for developing a philosophical system she called Objectivism . Educated in Russia , she moved to the United States in 1926 . She had a play produced on Broadway in 1935 – 1936 . After two early novels that were initially unsuccessful in America , she achieved fame with her 1943 novel , The Fountainhead . 
 By early 1916 , the British blockade of Germany was beginning to have an effect on Germany and her imports . The Royal Navy had stopped and seized more cargo destined for Germany than the quantity of cargo sunk by German U @-@ boats in the first submarine offensive . As a result , the German Imperial Navy began a second offensive against merchant shipping on 29 February . The final ground rules agreed upon by the German Admiralstab were that all enemy vessels in Germany 's self @-@ proclaimed war zone would be destroyed without warning , that enemy vessels outside the war zone would be destroyed only if armed , and — to avoid antagonizing the United States — that enemy passenger steamers were not to be attacked , regardless of whether in the war zone or not . 
 He finished the season by scoring 20 goals in 31 league matches , four goals in five German Cup matches , and eight goals in 12 Champions League matches . He didn 't score in the German Super Cup . 
 Harrison wrote " Only a Northern Song " on a Hammond organ , which became his preferred instrument for songwriting during 1967 , replacing the guitar . The song is in the key of A major , although MacDonald gives B minor as a secondary key . The opening organ part ends with a preview of the melody over which the song title appears in the song proper . After this short introduction , the composition is structured into two portions consisting of two verses and a chorus each , which are followed by a single verse , a final chorus and an outro , with some of these sections rendered as instrumental passages . 
 Discuss the possibility of a Bible training school . 
 Today Caernarfon 's walls are managed by the Welsh heritage organisation Cadw as a tourist attraction , although only a small part of the wall @-@ walk is open to the public . The walls require ongoing maintenance ; in the financial year between 2002 and 2003 , for example , maintaining the historic fabric of the walls and the castle cost £ 4 @,@ 500 ( £ 5 @,@ 710 in 2010 terms ) . The walls were declared part of a UNESCO world heritage site in 1986 and are classed as a grade 1 listed building and hold scheduled monument status . They are considered by historians Oliver Creighton and Robert Higham to be " a remarkably intact walled circuit " . 
 In 2013 , it was revealed that Fonda was one of approximately 1 @,@ 600 Americans whose communications between 1967 and 1973 were monitored by the United States National Security Agency ( NSA ) as part of Project Minaret , a program that some NSA officials have described as " disreputable if not downright illegal " . Fonda 's communications , as well as those of her husband , Tom Hayden , were intercepted by Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) . Under the <unk> Agreement , the GCHQ sent the intercepted data on Americans to the U.S. government . 
 Using carbon black causes human health problems 
 Park Tower ( 844 feet ( 257 m ) ) 
 There were five principal classifications in the 2015 Tour of Oman . 
 Ring of Honor 
 English heraldry flourished as a working art up to around the 17th century , when it assumed a mainly ceremonial role . The Royal Arms of England continued to embody information relating to English history . Although the Acts of Union 1707 placed England within the Kingdom of Great Britain , prompting new , British Royal Arms , the Royal Arms of England has continued to endure as one of the national symbols of England , and has a variety of active uses . For instance , the coats of arms of both The Football Association and the England and Wales Cricket Board have a design featuring three lions passant , based on the historic Royal Arms of England . In 1997 ( and again in 2002 ) , the Royal Mint issued a British one pound ( £ 1 ) coin featuring three lions passant to represent England . To celebrate St George 's Day , in 2001 , Royal Mail issued first – and second @-@ class postage stamps with the Royal Crest of England ( a crowned lion ) , and the Royal Arms of England ( three lions passant ) respectively . 
 Salvinorin 's potency should not be confused with toxicity . Rodents chronically exposed to dosages many times greater than those to which humans are exposed show no signs of organ damage . 
 P.S. I will try to <unk> [ sic ] the Indians by means of Blankets that may fall in their hands , taking care however not to get the disease myself . As it is pity to oppose good men against them , I wish we could make use of the Spaniard 's Method , and hunt them with English Dogs . Supported by Rangers , and some Light Horse , who would I think effectively extirpate or remove that <unk> . 
 Julien Temple , then a film student whom McLaren had put on the Sex Pistols payroll to create a comprehensive audiovisual record of the band , concurs : " Sid was John 's protégé in the group , really . The other two just thought he was crazy . " McLaren later stated that , much earlier in the band 's career , Vivienne Westwood had told him he should " get the guy called John who came to the store a couple of times " to be the singer . When Johnny Rotten was recruited for the band , Westwood said McLaren had got it wrong : " he had got the wrong John . " It was John Beverley , the future Vicious , she had been recommending . McLaren approved the belated inclusion of Vicious , who had virtually no experience on his new instrument , on account of his look and reputation in the punk scene . 
 The film had its initial North America video release on DVD and VHS on 3 May 2005 , following its first digital release on HD @-@ DVD on 18 April 2006 and a Blu @-@ ray edition on 31 October 2006 . 
 Kikuta released Lost Files , his first album of original music , in 2006 . The album includes the demo tapes Kikuta submitted when first applying for the job of game composer at Square , using the sound source of the Nintendo Entertainment System . It was followed in August 2007 by his second original album , Alphabet Planet . He has also composed three other albums and two singles in conjunction with other singers or performers ; these albums have been released though his Norstrilia label and are the only works he has been credited as composing for since Concerto Gate was released in 2007 . His next album , due to be released in spring 2010 , is another album of original works , entitled Tiara . 
 The Meadowbrook State Parkway was first envisioned in 1924 as part of the Long Island State Park Commission ( LISPC ) and Robert Moses 's system to connect several parks in Nassau and Suffolk counties . One park included in the proposal was Jones Beach State Park , which opened along with the Ocean Parkway in 1929 . Construction of the Meadowbrook and Loop causeways began in July 1933 , and was slated for completion in January 1935 . The Reconstruction Finance Corporation loaned $ 5 @,@ 050 @,@ 000 toward the project , which was completed in October 1934 . Nassau County acquired the right @-@ of @-@ way for an extension to the Northern State Parkway in 1936 , and the highway was originally intended to be finished for the 1939 World 's Fair in Flushing Meadows , Queens . The start of construction was ultimately delayed until December 1953 , and the $ 10 million ( 1953 USD ) highway was completed in October 1956 . 
 On 31 August 2006 , over 600 people attended a protest against the high carbon emissions . It was coordinated by the Camp for Climate Action group . At least 3 @,@ 000 police officers from 12 forces were reported to have been drafted in for the duration of the protest , to safeguard electricity supplies and prevent the protesters from shutting the station down . Thirty @-@ nine people were arrested after trying illegally to gain access to the plant . 
 The bond energy of <unk> is much lower than that of either Cl 
 The Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) publishes yearly reports of the highway 's annual average daily traffic ( AADT ) , with counts usually taken near intersections . In 2010 , RE 255 's highest traveled point was at the intersection with FM 1007 , with a daily county of approximately 2 @,@ 800 vehicles . The lowest traveled point along the highway is just east of the intersection with SH 87 , with a daily county of approximately 550 vehicles . The most traveled point in Tyler County is at the intersection with US 69 , with a daily count of 1 @,@ 100 vehicles . The intersection with FM 1007 has the highest AADT counts in Jasper County , while the most densely traveled point in Newton County is near the intersection with FM 692 , at a count of 880 vehicles . These counts are somewhat higher than those of 2008 , when the highest taken count , which was also at the FM 1007 intersection , was at just 2 @,@ 200 vehicles . The least traveled point had a count of 510 vehicles . At 56 @.@ 596 miles ( 91 @.@ 082 km ) long , RE 255 is the longest highway in the TxDOT 's Recreational Road system . No portion of the highway is listed as part of the National Highway System ( NHS ) , a network of roads important to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility . 
 Tribbles have been further seen in other Star Trek episodes and films , including Star Trek III : The Search for Spock and the JJ Abrams @-@ helmed films Star Trek ( 2009 ) and Star Trek Into Darkness ( 2013 ) . While on a visit to the set of Star Trek , Gerrold was told by Abrams that the tribble had been deliberately " snuck in " to the scene . It appears in the scene where Kirk ( Chris Pine ) and Spock Prime ( Leonard Nimoy ) meet Scott ( Simon Pegg ) on the Vulcan moon . " The Trouble with Tribbles " was also re @-@ imagined in that timeline 's comic book series by IDW Publishing and entitled " The Truth About Tribbles " . 
 Mahathir and Musa Hitam later rejoined UMNO and the government under Tun Abdul Razak , the second Prime Minister , whose New Economic Policy ( NEP ) , was based on some of the reforms Mahathir 's book had advocated . The NEP 's stated goal was elimination of " the identification of race with economic function " . To achieve this , it targeted a 30 % share of the economy for the " Bumiputra " — " sons of the soil , " a term referring to Malays and other indigenous peoples — by 1990 . This became known as the " 30 per cent solution " setting the " Bumiputra quota " for many items , including new public share listings and new private housing schemes . Certain commentators alleged that this fostered " a close to ' zero @-@ sum ' attitude chiefly between the Malays and Chinese " . The NEP 's stated aim , however , was not to directly redistribute wealth but to enlarge the economic pie while providing a larger share of the gains for Malays , thus increasing participation in the economy for all . 
 Rusalka 's wreck was discovered on 22 July 2003 in the Gulf of Finland , 25 kilometers ( 13 nmi ) south of Helsinki , by a joint expedition of the Estonian Maritime Museum and the commercial diving company <unk> <unk> . The wreck is generally intact although draped with snagged fishing nets . The aft turret , however , has fallen out of the ship . 
 The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X @-@ Files . In this episode , the unexplained death of a young girl with polydactyly ( among other health problems ) prompts Father McCue ( Arnie Walters ) to ask Scully for her help , but her investigation leads her to a mystery involving Nephilim — children of mortal women and angels . Scully soon learns that Aaron Starkey ( Glenn Morshower ) , a department of social services worker and demon in disguise , is after the girls , in order that the Devil may control their power . 
 The emperor penguin has some of its breeding places concentrated in Queen Maud Land . All four of the true Antarctic seals , namely the Weddell seal , leopard seal , crabeater seal and Ross seal , can be found in the King Haakon VII Sea off Queen Maud Land . The Ross seal is notably found in its greatest numbers in the King Haakon VII Sea . 
 Used primarily as a power play specialist in his first years as a professional , MacInnis worked at improving his overall game such that he was named a Norris Trophy finalist three consecutive seasons between 1989 and 1991 , and was the runner @-@ up to Ray Bourque in 1991 . He finally won the Norris Trophy as the league 's top defenceman in 1999 with the Blues . Former teammate Doug Gilmour praised MacInnis ' passing ability . MacInnis 's play developed to the point where he was as valued for his defensive ability on the penalty kill as he was his offence on the power play . 
 0 @.@ 7 ) . Due to high cost to extract the other lanthanides , a mischmetal with more than 50 % of lanthanum is used instead of pure lanthanum . The compound is an intermetallic component of the AB 
 Still under Sullivan 's command , the regiment participated in the Battle of Germantown on October 4 , 1777 . The British were encamped at Germantown northwest of Philadelphia . On the evening of October 3 General Washington ordered his troops , encamped at Skippack Creek on the north side of the Schuylkill River , to march 17 miles ( 27 km ) as part of a planned surprise attack on the British at daybreak . The Americans would then descend upon Germantown from the north in four columns , under the commands of Generals Sullivan , Greene , Armstrong and Smallwood , along four main roads leading into Germantown . The main effort of the advance was to be General Sullivan leading the column on the right and General Nathanael Greene on the left . Sullivan 's column , with the Continental troops of his own division and others , was to advance down Germantown Road against Howe 's center . 
 The river roughly defined the American frontier in the 19th century , particularly downstream from Kansas City , where it takes a sharp eastern turn into the heart of the state of Missouri . The major trails for the opening of the American West all have their starting points on the river , including the California , Mormon , Oregon , and Santa Fe trails . The first westward leg of the Pony Express was a ferry across the Missouri at St. Joseph , Missouri . Similarly , most emigrants arrived at the eastern terminus of the First Transcontinental Railroad via a ferry ride across the Missouri between Council Bluffs , Iowa and Omaha . The Hannibal Bridge became the first bridge to cross the Missouri River in 1869 , and its location was a major reason why Kansas City became the largest city on the river upstream from its mouth at St. Louis . 
 On Himmler 's instructions , Heydrich formed the Einsatzgruppen ( task forces ) to travel in the wake of the German armies at the start of World War II . On 21 September 1939 , Heydrich sent out a teleprinter message on the " Jewish question in the occupied territory " to the chiefs of all Einsatzgruppen with instructions to round up Jewish people for placement into ghettos , called for the formation of <unk> ( Jewish councils ) , ordered a census , and promoted Aryanization plans for Jewish @-@ owned businesses and farms , among other measures . The Einsatzgruppen units followed the army into Poland to implement the plans . Later , in the Soviet Union , they were charged with rounding up and killing Jews via firing squad and gas vans . Historian Raul Hilberg estimates that between 1941 and 1945 the Einsatzgruppen and related auxiliary troops killed more than two million people , including 1 @.@ 3 million Jews . Heydrich , however , moved to ensure the safety and well @-@ being of certain Jews , such as Paul Sommer , the former German champion fencer he knew from his pre @-@ SS days . He also protected the Polish Olympic fencing team that competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics . 
 Stuart Lake described in his book how Earp single @-@ handedly stood down a large crowd that wanted to lynch gambler Michael O 'Rourke ( Johnny Behind the Deuce ) . O 'Rourke had killed Henry Schneider , chief engineer of the Tombstone Mining and Milling Company — he said in self @-@ defense . Henry was well @-@ liked and a mob of miners quickly gathered , threatening to lynch O 'Rourke on the spot . In fact , the Epitaph gave primary credit to Ben Sippy for standing down the crowd , assisted by Virgil Earp , Wyatt Earp , and Johnny Behan . This incident as described by Lake added to Earp 's modern legend as a lawman . 
 During his short @-@ lived recovery in the 1390s , Charles made arrangements for Isabeau to be " principal guardian of the Dauphin " , their son , until he reached 13 years of age , giving her additional political power on the regency council . Charles appointed Isabeau co @-@ guardian of their children in 1393 , a position shared with the royal dukes and her brother , Louis of Bavaria , while he gave Orléans full power of the regency . In appointing Isabeau , Charles acted under laws enacted by his father , Charles V , which gave the Queen full power to protect and educate the heir to the throne . These appointments separated power between Orléans and the royal uncles , increasing ill @-@ will among the factions . The following year , as Charles ' bouts of illness became more severe and prolonged , Isabeau became the leader of the regency council , giving her power over the royal dukes and the Constable of France , while at the same time making her vulnerable to attack from various court factions . 
 Brown hoped the legislature would elect him to the U.S. Senate following his term as governor . Having already alienated the free silver faction of his party , he backed " <unk> " candidate Cassius M. Clay , Jr. for the Democratic nomination in the upcoming gubernatorial election . However , the deaths of two of Brown 's children ended his interest in the gubernatorial race and his own senatorial ambitions . At the Democratic nominating convention of 1899 , candidate William Goebel used questionable tactics to secure the gubernatorial nomination , and a disgruntled faction of the party held a separate nominating convention , choosing Brown to oppose Goebel in the general election . Goebel was eventually declared the winner of the election , but was assassinated . Brown became the legal counsel for former Kentucky Secretary of State Caleb Powers , an accused conspirator in the assassination . Brown died in Henderson on January 11 , 1904 . 
 Bournemouth Airport is situated in Hurn ( a small village within the Christchurch Borough boundary ) and is around 3 @.@ 75 miles ( 6 @.@ 04 km ) north @-@ west of Christchurch town centre . Originally an RAF airfield , the airport began commercial services in the late 1950s and now serves around 800 @,@ 000 passengers annually . Ryanair , EasyJet , Thomson Airways and <unk> operate from the airport and provide scheduled flights to European , North African and Caribbean destinations . 
 Several others were quick to join Hill in his criticism of Fielding and the Grub Street campaign . Bonnell Thornton , a poet and essayist , was responsible for Have at you All ; or , the Drury Lane Journal , a production that satirised Fielding and his works . Particular attention was paid to Amelia in Have at you All ; the fifth number , for example , featured " a new chapter in Amelia , more witty than the rest , if the reader has but sense enough to find out the humour . " On 15 January , Tobias Smollett published a disparaging twenty @-@ eight @-@ page pamphlet entitled A Faithful Narrative of the base and inhuman Arts that were lately practised upon the Brain of Habbakuk Hilding , Justice , Dealer and Chapman , who now lies at his own House in Covent @-@ Garden , in a deplorable State of Lunacy ; a dreadful Monument of false Friendship and Delusion . The pamphlet was notorious for its viciousness , and variously accused " Habbakuk Hilding " ( Fielding ) of literary theft , <unk> , and <unk> , while deriding his marriage to Mary Daniels . It also posited that Fielding founded The Covent @-@ Garden Journal to further the ambitions of politician and statesman George Lyttelton , with whom Fielding had recently formed a friendship ; the source of this inference remains unclear , since Lyttelton received no particular mention in the first few numbers . 
 The Minneapolis , Sault Ste . Marie & Atlantic Railway got its start in 1883 , with a goal of serving Atlantic ports via Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan and bypassing Chicago altogether . 
 Boyle sponsored a motion of non @-@ confidence against the government . Despite enjoying the support of twelve Liberals , including Cushing , the motion was defeated and the government upheld . Rutherford attempted to quell the controversy by calling a royal commission , but pressure from many Liberals , including Bulyea , led him to resign May 26 , 1910 ; he was replaced by Arthur Sifton , hitherto the province 's chief judge . In November , the royal commission issued its report . It found that the evidence did not show a conflict of interest on Rutherford 's part , but the majority report was nevertheless highly critical of the former Premier . A minority report was much kinder , <unk> perfect satisfaction with Rutherford 's version of events . 
 The Aggies scored on their opening possession with a 35 @-@ yard touchdown with a screen pass from Stephen McGee to Mike Goodson . The Longhorns mustered two first downs , but were forced to punt . Texas A & M ended their subsequent drive three plays later with a punt of their own . The Longhorns again successfully penetrated into Texas A & M territory , but Mack Brown opted to call a pooch punt by Colt McCoy on fourth down and four from the Aggie 37 @-@ yard line . The Aggies answered with an eighteen @-@ play drive that stalled on the UT @-@ 14 yardline and the Aggies had to settle for a 31 @-@ yard field goal by Matt Szymanski . 
 On 15 December 2010 , a ship containing 89 asylum seekers crashed on the shore of Christmas Island , killing up to fifty people . Refugee and migrant advocates condemned the government 's hardline policy as responsible for the tragedy , and Labor Party President Anna Bligh called for a complete review of the party 's asylum seeker policy . Gillard returned early from holidays in response to the crash , and to review asylum seeker policy . Some months later Gillard would announce " The Malaysia Solution " in response . 
 Liverpool had another chance to score in the 73rd minute , but Geoff Strong 's shot following a corner went over the crossbar . Ajax extended their lead towards the end of the half when they counter @-@ attacked and scored courtesy of Groot . Liverpool managed to score in the last minute through Lawler , but they were unable to score any further goals and lost the match 5 – 1 . 
 Data from The Great Book of Fighters , The Canadian Approach to All @-@ Weather Interceptor Development , Avro Arrow : The Story of the Avro Arrow from its Evolution to its Extinction 
 The Jeita grotto contributes heavily to the public life of the region . MAPAS , the firm which runs the grotto , is an important employer and provides full @-@ time jobs for around 115 local residents of Jeita ( 30 % of which are female ) . In addition to employment , the Jeita caves contribute 5 % of ticket fees to the local municipality , between 10 and 20 % of general revenue to the Lebanese ministry of tourism , and an additional 10 % of ticket fees along with the 10 % VAT to the Lebanese ministry of Finance . 
 In January 2002 , Reynolds and Reynolds announced it was switching from a UNIX to a <unk> @-@ based system for its core software . This caused " a flurry of discussion in the automobile market . " According to Automotive News , the Unix @-@ based system could support more users , but the Microsoft software was compatible with more of the newer applications being used by dealerships . Reynolds also developed the Reynolds Generations Series Suite in collaboration with Microsoft , but the product was not successful in the marketplace . It was discontinued in 2005 . 
 Other operational incidents of note include a 1988 fire during a return voyage from Iceland to the United States which forced the ship to stop in Newfoundland for repairs , and a crane breakdown on 15 November 1991 during cargo operations that required repairs be made in Praia da Vitória , Azores . 
 The Marsh family celebrates Grandpa Marvin Marsh 's 102nd birthday , but he is tired of living and tries unsuccessfully to commit suicide . He tries to convince Stan to kill him , but Stan refuses because he fears he might get in trouble . Meanwhile , Kyle watches the cartoon Terrance and Phillip , which revolves largely around fart jokes . Kyle 's mother gets outraged by the foul language and crude humor , and contacts other South Park parents to organize a boycott at the Cartoon Central headquarters in New York City . Later at school , Stan asks Mr. Garrison , Chef and Jesus whether he should help his grandpa kill himself , but they avoid discussing the issue as they can 't put it in terms that Stan might understand , much to Stan 's anger . 
 When Connelly was 10 years old , an advertising executive friend of her father suggested she audition as a model . Her parents sent a picture of her to the Ford Modeling Agency , which shortly after added her to its roster . Connelly began modeling for print advertisements before moving on to television commercials . In an interview with The Guardian , she revealed that , after having done some modeling , she had no aspirations to become an actor . She appeared on the cover of several issues of Seventeen in 1986 and 1988 . In December 1986 , she recorded two pop songs for the Japanese market : " Monologue of Love " and " Message of Love " . Connelly sang in phonetic Japanese as she did not speak the language . 
 Love in the Time of Cholera ( 1985 ) 
 In 2011 , NPR wrote , " Kurt Vonnegut 's blend of anti @-@ war sentiment and satire made him one of the most popular writers of the 1960s . " Vonnegut stated in a 1987 interview that , " my own feeling is that civilization ended in World War I , and we 're still trying to recover from that " , and that he wanted to write war @-@ focused works without glamorizing war itself . Vonnegut had not intended to publish again , but his anger against the George W. Bush administration led him to write A Man Without a Country . 
 The Giants purchased Seymour from the Reds on July 12 , 1906 for $ 10 @,@ 000 ( $ 263 @,@ 370 in current dollar terms ) , the largest monetary transaction in baseball to date . Seymour attempted to hold out from the Giants in order to obtain a portion of this transfer fee , claiming that Herrmann had promised him this money if the sale was completed . McGraw convinced Seymour not to hold out , which could have set a precedent for players obtaining money in player transactions . He batted .286 in 1906 for the Reds and Giants , finishing eighth in the NL . 
 The core development team of Grand Theft Auto III consisted of about 23 people at DMA Design in Edinburgh , who worked closely with publisher Rockstar Games in New York . By early 2001 , the team had designed the city , cars , and some weapons . An online multiplayer mode was initially planned for the game , but was ultimately dropped due to time and resource limitations . Producer Leslie Benzies described Grand Theft Auto III as a " crime simulation game " . When porting the game to Microsoft Windows , the team delayed it from the PlayStation 2 release in order to ensure quality , citing issues with the simultaneous platform release of previous Grand Theft Auto games . 
 At the time of Sanh 's activities in the 1910s , there were two members of the Nguyễn Dynasty who commanded respect among Vietnamese monarchists . The first was the boy emperor Duy Tân , who was himself deported in 1916 after staging an uprising . Duy Tan 's grandfather , Emperor Dục Đức , was the adopted son of the childless Emperor Tự Đức , the last independent emperor of Vietnam . The second figure who was seen by Vietnamese as a possible leader of an independent monarchy was Prince Cường Để . Cường Để was a direct descendant of Emperor Gia Long , who had established the Nguyễn Dynasty and unified Vietnam in its modern state . Cường Để was a prominent anti @-@ colonial activist who lived in exile in Japan . 
 More than 99 percent of the population speaks Japanese as their first language . Japanese is an agglutinative language distinguished by a system of honorifics reflecting the hierarchical nature of Japanese society , with verb forms and particular vocabulary indicating the relative status of speaker and listener . Japanese writing uses kanji ( Chinese characters ) and two sets of kana ( <unk> based on cursive script and radical of kanji ) , as well as the Latin alphabet and Arabic numerals . 
 The statements cited by Universal recognize that the Donkey Kong theme loosely evokes the King Kong films . However , none of the statements remotely suggests that the authors were under the impression that Donkey Kong was connected with the company holding the King Kong trademark . 
 Eshmun 's cult enjoyed a particular importance at Sidon as he was the chief deity after 500 BC . Aside from the extramural sanctuary at Bustan el @-@ Sheikh , Eshmun also had a temple within the city . The extramural Eshmun Temple was associated with purification and healing ; ritual <unk> ablutions were performed in the sanctuary 's sacred basins supplemented by running water from the Asclepius River and the " Ydll " spring water which was considered to have a sacred character and therapeutic quality . The healing attributions of Eshmun were combined with his divine consort Astarte 's fertilizing powers ; the latter had an annex chapel with a sacred paved pool within the Eshmun sanctuary . Pilgrims from all over the ancient world flocked to the Eshmun Temple leaving votive traces of their devotion and proof of their cure . There is evidence that from the 3rd century BC onwards there have been attempts to <unk> the cult of Eshmun and to associate him with his Greek counterpart Asclepius , but the sanctuary retained its curative function . 
 On June 23 , another depression formed along Florida , this time just onshore near the Georgia border . The system slowly tracked northeastward before dissipating on June 26 southeast of the North – South Carolina border . As Hurricane Alice neared Bermuda on July 9 , a depression formed near the east coast of the United States ; however , the storm dissipated the following day . On July 19 , the first Cape Verde storm formed over the central Atlantic . This system did not intensify , remaining a weak depression and dissipated on July 21 without affecting land . The next day , a new depression formed over the southwestern Caribbean Sea near the coast of Nicaragua . The depression tracked over Central America , briefly moving back over water in the Gulf of Honduras before making a second landfall in Belize . The system persisted over land for a few days before entering the eastern Pacific late on July 25 . 
 French theologian Henri Blocher criticised the universalism of John Hick 's theory . Blocher argued that universalism contradicts free will , which is vital to the Irenaean theodicy , because , if everyone will receive salvation , humans cannot choose to reject God . Hick did attempt to address this issue : he argued that a free action is one which reflects that character of a person , and that humans were created with a " <unk> bias " , so would choose salvation . Blocher proposed that Hick must then accept a level of determinism , though not going all the way . 
 In September 1942 , the Army Corps of Engineers placed the newly formed Manhattan Project under the command of General Leslie R. Groves , charging him with the construction of industrial @-@ size plants for manufacturing plutonium and uranium . Groves recruited the DuPont Company to be the prime contractor for the construction of the plutonium production complex . DuPont recommended that it be located far away from the existing uranium production facility at Oak Ridge , Tennessee . The ideal site was described by these criteria : 
 His footballing idols are fellow <unk> Luis Enrique and Quini , both of whom also played for Sporting de Gijón and Barcelona . 
 Warwick Star Bass II 
 There are firmly established chains of command , and the duties and capacity to coerce others to comply is described by regulation . 
 There are two separate elements to the present @-@ day house : the timber @-@ framed south range built in the 15th century , and the brick west range constructed in 1639 . The hall was originally built around a central quadrangle , but the other wings making up that space are no longer present . Drawing on the earliest description of the house , from 1380 , the Salford City Council describes how it comprised " a hall , five chambers , a kitchen and a chapel . It was associated with two stables , three granges , two <unk> , a garner , a dovecote , an orchard and a windmill , together with 80 acres [ 32 @.@ 4 ha ] of arable land and six acres [ 2 @.@ 4 ha ] of meadow . " 
 The 1968 presidential campaign was one of the most bitterly fought in the nation 's history . Set among national divisions over the Vietnam War , social policy , and against the backdrop of riot and assassination , none of the campaigns made healing divisions a major theme — an early slogan by Democratic candidate Hubert Humphrey , " United With Humphrey " had been scrapped . The incumbent President , Democrat Lyndon Baines Johnson ( often called <unk> ) could give Humphrey little support because of his own unpopularity . 
 In the Grand Duchy of Lithuania the Russians crossed the Commonwealth border four days later than in the south , on 22 May . Poland 's ally , the Kingdom of Prussia , broke its alliance with Poland and the Prussian commander of the Lithuanian army , Duke Württemberg , betrayed the Polish @-@ Lithuanian cause by refusing to fight the Russians . He never reached the frontlines , feigned illness in Wołczyn , and issued contradictory orders to his troops . 
 Evil Dead II was filmed and released in 1987 , and was also a box @-@ office success . A second , and currently final , sequel was released in 1993 , Army of Darkness . Campbell returned as the lead character Ash Williams in both films . At that time , Raimi had become a successful director , attracting Hollywood 's interest . His 1990 superhero film Darkman was another box @-@ office success , which led to an increased budget for Army of Darkness . Army of Darkness had 22 @.@ 8 times the budget of the original Evil Dead , though it was not considered to be a box @-@ office success like its two predecessors . Evil Dead II received general acclaim from critics and is often considered to be better than the original , and Army of Darkness received mostly positive reviews . The series has often attracted attention because each sequel featured more comedic qualities than the last , progressing into " weirder " territory with each film . 
 Escadron de Chasse 01 @-@ 007 " Provence " ( 2006 – present ) multirole fighter 
 Digitally remastered with Dolby Digital 5 @.@ 1 Surround Sound , the DVD edition of Jennifer Lopez : Feelin ' So Good contains interactive menus and chapter access to songs . It contains song lyrics and a biography of Lopez in English and Spanish , as well as an exclusive photo gallery . Additionally , the video contains the music videos to Lopez 's songs : " If You Had My Love " , " Waiting for Tonight " , " No Me Ames " , " Feelin ' So Good " and " Baila " . It contains four live televised performances by Lopez in 1999 . First is her Blockbuster Movie Awards performance of " If You Had My Love " , followed by her VH1 Fashion Awards performance of the Darkchild remix of the same song . Then , her performance at the Billboard Music Awards of the Hex Hector remix of " Waiting for Tonight " and lastly her Woman 's World Cup Finale performance of " Let 's Get Loud " . 
 The name " sifaka " is a reference to a common general alarm vocalization given by western dry forest sifakas in which they emit an explosive , hiss @-@ like " shee @-@ <unk> " call several times in succession . On the east coast , local residents refer to the larger bodied diademed sifaka as simpona , a name which refers to the species ' sneeze @-@ like " zzuss " alarm vocalizations . The calls are emitted in a variety of stressful circumstances such as presence of humans , falling trees , terrestrial predators , and after aggression between group members . The specific name , candidus , is Latin for " white " , while the specific name of the taxonomic synonym sericeus is derived from the Greek word for " silk " . 
 Past Eagle Harbor , M @-@ 26 meets the highly scenic Brockway Mountain Drive . The northern terminus of M @-@ 26 is located in Copper Harbor . The terminus is just past the second intersection with Brockway Mountain Drive near the marina and the location of the Isle Royale Queen ferry to Isle Royale National Park . 
 Upon hearing the news of his death , fans gathered and began an impromptu memorial by his statue outside Busch Stadium ; the Cardinals issued a release saying the memorial would be left in place for some time . In a laudatory obituary , The New York Times quoted famed New York manager Leo Durocher : " There is only one way to pitch to Musial — under the plate . " 
 The " French " pattern kepi was the standard issue headgear to all army personnel , with a dark blue band , sides & crown for generals , staff officers , and engineers . <unk> worn by commissioned officers and enlisted personnel had two patterns , specified by regulations in 1861 and 1862 , respectively . The first pattern was a colored band , denoting the branch of service , with the crown and sides to be made of Cadet Gray cloth . The second pattern had a dark blue band for all branches , with the crown and sides colored according to the branch of service . The branch of service colors were as follows , Red for artillery , yellow for cavalry , and light or sky blue for infantry . 
 Critics from both Rolling Stone and Blender made strong comparisons between Long Distance and the English musical duo Everything but the Girl . The former stated that " any fan on Everything but the Girl , Saint Etienne or vintage Blondie should find plenty to swoon over " , while the latter called the sound " cloudy and distant , [ but ] takes tentative steps toward Everything but the Girl " . In a more mixed review , a critic from <unk> stated that " Ivy specialize [ s ] in <unk> oriented dream @-@ pop : too ethereal for straight pop fans , too structured for the 4AD crowd " . In a divided review , Michaelangelo Matos of City Pages noted that he preferred Ivy 's previous releases , but stated , " If your band had spent four years getting dropped and picked up and dropped again by record labels , you 'd sound tired too " . Similarly , a reviewer from Alternative Press was negative , expressing that " the 13 tracks here are improbably edgeless , all love @-@ me @-@ do / love @-@ me @-@ don 't <unk> that evaporate on impact " . 
 Ashley Greene as Alice Cullen , a member of the Cullen family who can see " subjective " visions of the future and who develops a deep friendship with Bella . 
 In the Decembers of 1916 and 1917 , German overtures to the British for truces were recorded without any success . In some French sectors , singing and an exchange of thrown gifts was occasionally recorded , though these may simply have reflected a seasonal extension of the live @-@ and @-@ let @-@ live approach common in the trenches . 
 " Dirty Picture " is a song by British R & B singer Taio Cruz , released from his second studio album , Rokstarr ( 2009 ) . The song was written and produced by Cruz alongside Fraser T Smith , and later released as the album 's third single on 5 April 2010 . Originally , Cruz wanted the female vocals to be done by Lady Gaga but opted to switch to Kesha due to heavy influence by Dr. Luke and for finding her voice unique . It was released as the third single from Rokstarr on 5 April 2010 and was later re @-@ recorded as an album bonus track for Kesha 's debut album , Animal , dubbed the " Kesha edit " . Lyrically , the song 's message is about being able to send your significant other that you 're missing a dirty picture . 
 The first part is an in @-@ depth expository on Huygens ' De <unk> in aleae ludo . Bernoulli provides in this section solutions to the five problems Huygens posed at the end of his work . He particularly develops Huygens ' concept of expected value — the weighted average of all possible outcomes of an event . Huygens had developed the following formula : 
 From 1872 to the end of his life , Bellamy , with three exceptions , made the house his home . In 1876 , in a quest to improve his health ( he suffered from tuberculosis , which would eventually kill him ) , he went on an extended tour to the Sandwich Islands ( now Hawaii ) . In 1882 he married Emma Sanderson , a ward of his father 's since 1874 . When the couple were expecting their second child , they lived in the house next door for a time in 1886 . Rufus Bellamy died in November 1886 , and Edward and his family promptly moved back in . In 1887 he published Looking Backward , a utopian novel that was instantly popular , and brought Bellamy wide notice . In 1895 Bellamy traveled to Denver , Colorado in another bid to improve his failing health . After unsuccessful attempts at treatment , he returned to Chicopee in April 1896 , and died at home one month later . 
 After the Second World War , brutalist tower blocks were adopted as a solution and this period saw the building of new towns , including Glenrothes and Cumbernauld , but the social and building problems of these constructions soon became apparent . The creation of new towns and council house estates necessitated the rapid supply of new churches . From the 1980s Scottish architecture began to recover its reputation , with new buildings like that created to house the Burrell Collection in Glasgow and more recently the Scottish Parliament Building in Edinburgh . There has also been urban regeneration , involving the replacement and renovation of existing buildings and landscapes . The 1980s saw the growth of speculative house building by developers and the introduction of English brick and half @-@ timbered vernacular styles to Scotland . As the production of state sponsored housing subsided in the 1970s there was a return to conservatism in church design , but there were some original and post @-@ modern designs from the 1980s . 
 Pembalasan <unk> . Batavia : Hoa Siang In Kiok . 1912 . ( 960 pages in 12 volumes ; posthumous ) 
 In March 1937 Howard Hawks signed a contract at RKO for an adaptation of Rudyard Kipling 's " Gunga Din " , which had been in pre @-@ production since the previous fall . When RKO was unable to borrow Clark Gable , Spencer Tracy and Franchot Tone from Metro @-@ Goldwyn @-@ Mayer for the film and the adaptation of " Gunga Din " was delayed , Hawks began looking for a new project . In April 1937 he read a short story by Hagar Wilde in Collier 's magazine called " Bringing Up Baby " and immediately wanted to make a film from it , remembering that it made him laugh out loud . RKO bought the screen rights in June for $ 1 @,@ 004 , and Hawks worked briefly with Wilde on the film 's treatment . Wilde 's short story differed significantly from the film : David and Susan are engaged , he is not a scientist and there is no dinosaur , intercostal clavicle or museum . However , Susan gets a pet panther from her brother Mark to give to their Aunt Elizabeth ; David and Susan must capture the panther in the Connecticut wilderness with the help of Baby 's favorite song , " I Can 't Give You Anything but Love , Baby " . 
 Sei Shōnagon , author of the The Pillow Book , had been in service as lady @-@ in @-@ waiting to Teishi when Shōshi came to court ; it is possible that Murasaki was invited to Shōshi 's court as a rival to Shōnagon . Teishi died in 1001 , before Murasaki entered service with Shōshi , so the two writers were not there concurrently , but Murasaki , who wrote about Shōnagon in her diary , certainly knew of her , and to an extent was influenced by her . Shōnagon 's The Pillow Book may have been commissioned as a type of propaganda to highlight Teishi 's court , known for its educated ladies @-@ in @-@ waiting . Japanese literature scholar Joshua Mostow believes Michinaga provided Murasaki to Shōshi as an equally or better educated woman , so as to showcase Shōshi 's court in a similar manner . 
 Meerkat Manor is a British television programme produced by Oxford Scientific Films for Animal Planet International that premiered in September 2005 and ran for four series until its cancellation in August 2008 . Blending more traditional animal documentary style footage with dramatic narration , the series told the story of the Whiskers , one of more than a dozen families of meerkats in the Kalahari Desert being studied as part of the Kalahari Meerkat Project , a long @-@ term field study into the ecological causes and evolutionary consequences of the cooperative nature of meerkats . The original programme was narrated by Bill Nighy , with the narration redubbed by Mike Goldman for the Australian airings and Sean Astin for the American broadcasts . The fourth series , subtitled The Next Generation , saw Stockard Channing replacing Astin as the narrator in the American dubbing . 
 On 27 August 2013 he made his first start for West Brom in a League Cup tie against Newport County and scored a hat @-@ trick in a 3 – 0 home win . He made his first league appearance for the Baggies when he came on as a substitute in a 2 – 0 home defeat against Swansea City on 1 September 2013 , replacing Scott Sinclair for the last 15 minutes of the match . On 28 September , he replaced the injured Sinclair in the first half and scored his first Premier League goal , the winner in a 2 – 1 win against Manchester United at Old Trafford . He scored again on 2 November , opening a 2 – 0 home win over Crystal Palace . Berahino extended his contract with West Bromwich Albion on 2 December , committing him to the club until June 2017 . 
 Aqil 's victory entrenched his rule over Galilee and afterward he established stronger relations with the Europeans . After Aqil 's victory at Hattin , the Ottoman authorities distanced themselves from the incident in their correspondence with Aqil , but he accepted their explanations with a grain of salt . In September 1858 , Aqil was residing in Nazareth and decided not to intervene and put a stop to tribal clashes in the Jezreel Valley . 
 Paco Sery – drums , kalimba , vocals 
 Walt Disney Company Home Entertainment , which acquired 33 percent of UTV Software Communications , bought the DVD rights for distribution in North America , the United Kingdom , and Australia for ₹ 70 million ( US $ 1 @.@ 0 million ) . This marked " the first time an international studio has bought the video rights of an Indian film . " <unk> it Like Stars on Earth , Disney released the film in Region 2 on 26 October 2009 , in Region 1 on 12 January 2010 , and in Region 4 on 29 March 2010 . A three @-@ disc set , the Disney version features the original Hindi audio soundtrack with English subtitles or another dubbed in English , as well as bonus material such as audio commentary , deleted scenes , and the musical soundtrack . 
 WBA World Flyweight Champion – won July 6 , 2013 
 The Mightiest Machine ( 1947 ) 
 This ray can be identified by its dark dorsal surface covered in white spots or rings . Near the base of the ray 's relatively long tail , just behind the pelvic fins , are several venomous , barbed stingers . Spotted eagle rays commonly feed on small fish and crustaceans , and will sometimes dig with their snouts to look for food buried in the sand of the sea bed . These rays are commonly observed leaping out of the water , and on at least two occasions have been reported as having jumped into boats , in one incident resulting in the death of a woman in the Florida Keys . The spotted eagle ray is hunted by a wide variety of sharks . The rays are considered near threatened on the IUCN Red List . They are fished mainly in Southeast Asia and Africa , the most common market being in commercial trade and aquariums . They are protected in the Great Barrier Reef . 
 Lohan remained in the role for a year , before leaving to star in Disney 's 1998 family comedy The Parent Trap , a remake of the 1961 movie . She played dual roles of twins , separated in infancy , who try to reunite their long @-@ divorced parents , played by Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson . The film earned $ 92 million worldwide , and received largely positive reviews . Critic Kenneth Turan called Lohan " the soul of this film as much as Hayley Mills was of the original , " going on to say that " she is more adept than her predecessor at creating two distinct personalities . " The film won Lohan a Young Artist Award for best performance in a feature film as well as a three @-@ film contract with Disney . At the age of 14 , Lohan played Bette Midler 's daughter in the pilot episode of the short @-@ lived series Bette , but she resigned her role when the production moved from New York to Los Angeles . She also starred in two Disney television movies : Life @-@ Size alongside Tyra Banks in 2000 , and Get a Clue in 2002 . 
 A study conducted by He et al. used a mechanistic modelling approach to study the three waves of the 1918 influenza pandemic . They tried to study the factors that underlie variability in temporal patterns , and the patterns of mortality and morbidity . Their analysis suggests that temporal variations in transmission rate provide the best explanation and the variation in transmission required to generate these three waves is within biologically plausible values . 
 The Boat Race is a side @-@ by @-@ side rowing competition between the University of Oxford ( sometimes referred to as the " Dark Blues " ) and the University of Cambridge ( sometimes referred to as the " Light Blues " ) . First held in 1829 , the race takes place on the 4 @.@ 2 @-@ mile ( 6 @.@ 8 km ) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London . The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide . Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions , having won the 1957 race by two lengths , and led overall with 57 victories to Oxford 's 45 ( excluding the " dead heat " of 1877 ) . 
 Justice Stephen Breyer delivered the opinion of the court on April 19 , 2004 . Breyer believed that the question the Court needed to answer was whether Congress had the authority to relax restrictions that had been imposed on an Indian tribe 's inherent sovereignty . He noted that the intent of Congress was clear , not only based on the plain language of the statute , but also from its legislative history . 
 <unk> , Pascal ( 2009 ) . Cubzac et le château des Quatre Fils Aymon . Indes <unk> . 
 As the four pack up their respective apartments — Rachel , in particular , displeased about having to switch — Phoebe returns home and takes a pregnancy test , though it is too soon for a result . Later with packing complete , Rachel finally refuses to move as Frank and Alice come by with another pregnancy test . The boys and the girls begin to argue along with Ross , which is cut short when Phoebe emerges from the bathroom and joyfully announces she is pregnant , the mood turning to one of celebration . 
 Gibbs was elected in 1950 to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans . The oceanographic research ship USNS Josiah Willard Gibbs ( T @-@ <unk> @-@ 1 ) was in service with the United States Navy from 1958 to 1971 . Gibbs crater , near the eastern limb of the Moon , was named in the scientist 's honor in 1964 . 
 1990 . Rogerson CT , Harris RC , Samuels GJ . " Fungi collected by Bassett Maguire and Collaborators in the <unk> Highland , 1944 – 1983 " . Mem New York Bot Gard 64 : 130 – 164 . 
 Despite the unified party 's prohibition on separate committees , during the 5th Congress the Bolsheviks elected their own governing body , called the Bolshevik Centre , and kept it secret from the rest of the RSDLP . The Bolshevik Centre was headed by a " Finance Group " consisting of Lenin , Leonid Krasin and Alexander Bogdanov . Among other party activities , the Bolshevik leadership had already planned a number of " expropriations " in different parts of Russia by the time of the 5th Congress and was awaiting a major robbery in Tiflis , which occurred only weeks after the 5th Congress ended . 
 To commemorate his status as founder of the fishing town Vågan ( although it had been an important centre for at least a century ) , a huge statue of Eystein ( <unk> ) by Arthur <unk> was raised at Breidablikk in Vågan in 1935 , after an idea of <unk> Harald Sund . At Hjerkinn in Dovre , a church dedicated to Eystein ( <unk> ) was constructed in 1969 according to a design by Magnus Poulsson , in commemoration of Eystein 's construction of a <unk> or shelter near the village . 
 Fox attempted to sell the rights for reruns of the show , but it was difficult to find networks that were interested ; Cartoon Network eventually bought the rights , " [ ... ] basically for free " , according to the president of 20th Century Fox Television . Family Guy premiered in reruns on Adult Swim on April 20 , 2003 , and immediately became the block 's top @-@ rated program , dominating late @-@ night viewing in its time period versus cable and broadcast competition , and boosting viewership by 239 % . The complete first and second seasons were released on DVD the same week the show premiered on Adult Swim , and the show became a cult phenomenon , selling 400 @,@ 000 copies within one month . Sales of the DVD set reached 2 @.@ 2 million copies , becoming the best @-@ selling television DVD of 2003 and the second @-@ highest @-@ selling television DVD ever , behind the first season of Comedy Central 's Chappelle 's Show . The third @-@ season DVD release also sold more than a million copies . The show 's popularity in DVD sales and reruns rekindled Fox 's interest , and , on May 20 , 2004 , Fox ordered 35 new episodes of Family Guy , marking the first revival of a television show based on DVD sales . 
 The male has mainly black upperparts , a white crown , forehead and supercilium . There are large white patches on the shoulders and primaries , and the outermost tail feathers are also white . The throat , neck sides and underparts are white , with orange on the flanks and breast . The iris is brown , the bill is black and the legs are dark brown or black . The female is a duller version of the male , with brownish @-@ black upperparts and a grey or buff tinge to the white shoulder patches and underparts . The juvenile has grey @-@ brown upperparts with darker bars from the head to rump , a paler grey forehead , barred off @-@ white underparts and brown wings with white primary patches . 
 A cappella – 3 : 49 
 In August 2003 , Smith released a collaborative gospel album with country artists Barbara Fairchild and Sharon White called Love Never Fails on <unk> Records . In an interview with Country Stars Central , Smith said that she was ill with the stomach flu while recording the album , but , still enjoyed making the record , Produced by country and bluegrass artist Ricky Skaggs ( White 's husband ) , the album received a nomination from the Dove Awards . The website <unk> reviewed the release and commented that Love Never Fails , " is probably too rowdy for most Southern Gospel fans ( who really like tinkly pianos and less @-@ twangy vocals ) , and while it probably won 't wow many country listeners , for folks who are fans any of these three singers , this is kind of a treat . 
 In 1947 , a twenty @-@ year @-@ old Brooke @-@ Little founded the Society of Heraldic Antiquaries , which was renamed the Heraldry Society in 1950 . It was incorporated in 1956 and is now a registered charity . The principal object of the society is to extend interest in and knowledge of heraldry , genealogy , precedence , and related disciplines . Brooke @-@ Little served its chairman for fifty years . In 1997 , as he was ending his career as an officer of arms , he changed roles in the Society to become its president . He served in this role until his death . Brooke @-@ Little also served as the Honorary Editor of the society 's scholarly journal , the Coat of Arms . From the first publication of the journal until the middle of 1965 , his mother , Constance Egan , served as the managing editor of the Coat of Arms , though Brooke @-@ Little always had a guiding influence on the publication . It was not until 2005 that Brooke @-@ Little finally handed complete control of the journal to two young heralds : Peter O <unk> , Bluemantle Pursuivant , and Clive Cheesman , Rouge Dragon Pursuivant . 
 On August 9 , 2012 , the NOAA issued their mid @-@ season outlook for the remainder of the 2012 season , upping their final numbers . The agency predicted between twelve and seventeen named storms , five to eight hurricanes , and two to three major hurricanes . Gerry Bell cited warmer @-@ than @-@ normal sea surface temperatures and the continuation of the high activity era across the Atlantic basin since 1995 . 
 The book contains content from twenty @-@ nine contributors , including psychologists , counselors , teachers and school therapists . It also includes content from Brown and Logan . General topics discussed in the work include family , alcohol abuse , relationships , self @-@ esteem , sex and gender , and personality . Specific topics in the field of psychology include clinical psychology , cognition , abnormal psychology , evolutionary psychology , gambling addiction , Pavlovian conditioning and family therapy . Contributor Denis M. McCarthy , assistant professor of psychology at the University of Missouri , analyzes risk factors for alcoholism presented in The Simpsons . McCarthy cites Bart 's passive @-@ avoidance learning as a risk factor , and notes that Maggie is at a high risk for substance abuse due to violent tendencies . 
 Most artificial plasmas are generated by the application of electric and / or magnetic fields through a gas . Plasma generated in a laboratory setting and for industrial use can be generally categorized by : 
 U.S. Route 340 in Harpers Ferry , West Virginia 
 Cole was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his actions on 7 October 1918 , when he led No. 2 Squadron through " a tornado of anti @-@ aircraft fire " in a major assault on transport infrastructure in Lille . During the raid he successfully bombed a goods engine and a troop train , and put several anti @-@ aircraft batteries out of action , before leading his formation back to base at low level . The announcement and accompanying citation for his decoration was gazetted on 8 February 1919 : 
 The Marriott School student body comprises approximately 1 @,@ 900 undergraduate and 1 @,@ 100 graduate students . Nearly 75 percent of the students are bilingual and about 30 percent speak a third language , most having lived abroad while serving a mission for the LDS Church . Approximately 16 percent of students are international students , 66 percent are married , and whites ( non @-@ Hispanic ) comprise 91 percent of the student body as of 2009 . Eighty @-@ seven percent of domestic students hail from the West . The mean and median ages of undergraduate students is 23 , 21 percent of whom are female . Female MBA students only account for 13 percent of the graduating class . 
 The Chargers won the coin toss and elected to kick off . Despite reaching the Chargers ' 28 @-@ yard line , two scoring opportunities were denied with Jason Verrett deflecting Jay Cutler 's pass for Alshon Jeffery and Robbie Gould 's field goal sailing wide left . Afterwards , the Chargers scored with Danny Woodhead 's 14 @-@ yard touchdown catch from Rivers . On the Bears ' next possession , the offense entered Charger territory again , reaching as far as the 10 @-@ yard line , where Cutler was sack @-@ stripped by Melvin Ingram , with the ball being recovered by Eric Weddle , though the Chargers failed to capitalize and punted . After the Bears punted as well , they reclaimed the ball when Tracy Porter stripped Dontrelle Inman and linebacker Christian Jones recovered . However , after two plays , Verrett intercepted Cutler 's pass for Jeffery , returning it 68 yards for the touchdown ; the Chargers eventually missed the extra point , making the score 13 – 0 . On the next drive , Cutler threw a one @-@ yard touchdown pass to Martellus Bennett . After both teams exchanged punts , the Chargers scored the final points of the first half with Josh Lambo 's 31 @-@ yard field goal . In the second half , after the Chargers punted , Gould 's 34 @-@ yard field goal attempt hit the left upright . San Diego punted again , and the Bears engineered a 93 @-@ yard drive that culminated with Langford scoring on a one @-@ yard run . The Chargers increased the margin to five points with Lambo kicking a 22 @-@ yard field goal . Guiding an 80 @-@ yard drive , Cutler threw a 25 @-@ yard pass to tight end Zach Miller , who caught the pass with one hand as he scored the go @-@ ahead touchdown . Afterwards , Langford scored on the two @-@ point conversion . The Chargers ' final drive fell apart with plays like Lamarr Houston 's two sacks , and on 4th down and 23 , Rivers ' deep pass fell incomplete . With 1 : 09 left in the game , Cutler kneeled three times to end the game . 
 Starkey attended St Silas , a Church of England primary school near his house where his classmates nicknamed him " Lazarus " , and later Dingle Vale Secondary modern school , where he showed an aptitude for art and drama , as well as practical subjects including mechanics . As a result of the prolonged hospitalisations , he fell behind his peers scholastically and was ineligible for the 11 @-@ plus qualifying examination required for attendance at a grammar school . On 17 April 1953 , Starkey 's mother married Harry Graves , an ex @-@ Londoner who had moved to Liverpool following the failure of his first marriage . Graves , an impassioned fan of big band music and their vocalists , introduced Starkey to recordings by Dinah Shore , Sarah Vaughan and Billy Daniels . Graves stated that he and " Ritchie " never had an unpleasant exchange between them ; Starkey later commented : " He was great ... I learned gentleness from Harry . " After the extended hospital stay following Starkey 's recovery from tuberculosis , he did not return to school , preferring instead to stay at home and listen to music while playing along by beating biscuit tins with sticks . 
 The Alsos Mission now attempted to recover the shipment that had been sent to France . Documentation was discovered that said that part of it had been sent to Toulouse . An Alsos Mission team under Pash 's command reached Toulouse on 1 October and inspected a French Army arsenal . They used a Geiger counter to find barrels containing 31 tons of the uranium from Belgium . Conrad persuaded Major General Frank S. Ross to release the U.S. 3342nd Quartermaster Truck Company from the Red Ball Express to retrieve the shipment . The barrels were collected and transported to Marseille , where they were loaded on a ship bound for the United States . During the loading process a barrel fell into the water and had to be retrieved by a Navy diver . In Marseilles , the Alsos Mission detachment also met up with the detachment that had been sent to Italy , which now rejoined them . The remaining 49 tons of the original shipment to France were never found . 
 In his junior season of 2004 , Humber compiled a 13 – 4 win – loss record and 2 @.@ 27 ERA . He struck out 154 batters and issued only 37 walks in 115 innings . He also set the Rice single @-@ game record for strikeouts when he struck out 17 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors hitters on March 20 , 2004 . Rice entered the 64 @-@ team NCAA Baseball tournament as one of the eight national seeds . In the first game of the regional round of the tournament , Rice was upset by the Texas Southern Tigers . Humber entered the next game against the Texas A & M Aggies with the bases loaded and surrendered a first @-@ pitch grand slam to Justin <unk> . For the season , Humber totaled 154 strikeouts in 115 innings pitched . 
 Over the course of their career , Feeder has come to domestically accumulate a total of eight gold and platinum records , with a gold record in Ireland for The Singles , bringing their British Isles ( and worldwide ) total to nine . In 2015 , " Buck Rogers " received a Silver award for 200 @,@ 000 UK sales , 14 years after release . 
 In contrast to the quick editing and moving cameras of modern action films , The Winter Soldier aimed to feature longer action scenes that felt more visceral and dangerous . The Russos mentioned the bank robbing scene of Heat as a major influence , which they described as " the most intense eight minutes of filmmaking I 've seen in a movie theater " , and action scenes directed by Brian De Palma , such as the vault heist in Mission : Impossible , where " very likable characters are put in impossible situations that the audience is put on the edge on how they 'd escape " . Examples of these types of scenes include the ambushes on Nick Fury in the street and Captain America in the elevator . 
 The Komodo dragon is also known as the Komodo monitor or the Komodo Island monitor in scientific literature , although this is not very common . To the natives of Komodo Island , it is referred to as ora , <unk> <unk> ( land crocodile ) , or <unk> <unk> ( giant monitor ) . 
 Zahir 's sons Uthman , Ahmad , Sa 'id and Ali continued to put up resistance , with the latter putting up the longest fight from his fortress in Deir Hanna . The fortress eventually capitulated to the combined forces of Hasan Pasha and Jazzar Pasha on 22 July 1776 . Ali fled , but was killed later that year in the area between Tiberias and Safad . By then , the rest of Zahir 's sons had been arrested or killed . Abbas was later appointed by Sultan Selim III as the Sheikh of Safad . However , in 1799 , when Napoleon invaded Palestine , but withdrew after being defeated in Acre , Abbas and Salih both left Safad with the departing French forces . This marked the end of Zaydani influence in Galilee . 
 The 2016 Gent – Wevelgem , ( officially Gent – Wevelgem – In Flanders Fields ) was a one @-@ day cycling classic that took place on 27 March 2016 . It was the 78th edition of the Gent – Wevelgem race and the seventh event of the 2016 UCI World Tour . The race followed a 243 @-@ kilometre ( 151 mi ) course that started in Deinze and ended in Wevelgem in Belgium , with a portion of the race spent in northern France . The race included ten climbs , several of them cobbled , which provided the principal difficulty in the race . The last and most difficult climb was the Kemmelberg . The favourites for the race included Alexander Kristoff ( Team Katusha ) , Fabian Cancellara ( Trek – Segafredo ) and Peter Sagan ( Tinkoff ) . 
 Two @-@ disc box set " 50th Anniversary Collector 's Edition " , released on September 30 , 2008 , by Columbia and Legacy . 
 1980 – 81 UEFA Cup 
 Typhoon Vera , also known as the <unk> Typhoon ( <unk> , Ise @-@ wan Taifū ) , was an exceptionally intense tropical cyclone that struck Japan in September 1959 , becoming the strongest and deadliest typhoon on record to make landfall on the country . The storm 's intensity resulted in damage of unparalleled severity and extent , and was a major setback to the Japanese economy , which was still recovering from World War II . In the aftermath of Vera , Japan 's disaster management and relief systems were significantly reformed , and the typhoon 's effects would set a benchmark for future storms striking the country . 
 Jim Tedisco was the eventual Republican nominee , winning the GOP nomination on January 27 , 2009 . Tedisco represented the 110th Assembly District , which includes a significant portion of Saratoga County . Tedisco 's primary residence was not in the congressional district , although he did own a house in Saratoga Springs and much of his assembly district overlapped the congressional district . This issue would become a major talking point during the campaign . 
 <formula> 
 3rd Battalion , 17th Infantry Regiment 
 In early 1799 , Surcouf sailed to the city of <unk> in Aceh , on Sumatra , where he found two 20 @-@ gun merchantmen anchored in the harbour , in the process of loading pepper ; Clarisse dropped anchor close by and opened fire , after which Surcouf sent his older brother Nicolas to head a 20 @-@ man board party on Clarisse ' s boats and board the largest of the ships , while he boarded her with Clarisse from the opposite side ; assaulted from two sides , she surrendered after a 30 @-@ minute battle . The other ship cut her anchor and attempted to flee , but she was overhauled by the boats of Clarisse and captured without resistance , most of her crew being ashore . Surcouf returned to Île de France with his prizes in June . 
 Version 3 @.@ 0 was released March 19 , 2001 
 In 2010 , fipronil was blamed for the spread of CCD among bees , in a study by the Minutes @-@ Association for Technical Coordination Fund in France , which found that even at very low nonlethal doses , this pesticide still impairs the ability to locate the hive , resulting in large numbers of foragers lost with every pollen @-@ finding expedition , though no mention was made regarding any of the other symptoms of CCD ; other studies , however , have shown no acute effect of fipronil on honey bees . <unk> is designed to eliminate insects similar to bees , such as yellowjackets ( Vespula germanica ) and many other colonial pests by a process of ' toxic baiting ' , whereby one insect returning to the hive spreads the pesticide among the brood . 
 In his book Britpop ! , John Harris concluded that the initial negative reviews of the time missed the album 's universal strengths . " Those who fussed about the music 's more artful aspects were missing the point . The fact that [ Noel 's ] songs contained so many musical echoes seemed to couch the album in an air of homely reassurance . " Harris believed that the " ordinary " nature of some of the album 's songs " turned out to be part of its deeply populist appeal " . Rob Sheffield , writing in The Rolling Stone Album Guide ( 2004 ) , called the album " a triumph , full of bluster and bravado but also moments of surprising tenderness " . Robert Christgau was less enthusiastic in his retrospective review and gave it a two @-@ star honorable mention , indicating a " likable effort that consumers attuned to its overriding aesthetic or individual vision may well enjoy . " He cited " She 's Electric " and " Roll with It " as highlights and quipped " give them credit for wanting it all — and ( yet another Beatles connection ! ) playing guitars " . 
 In Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corp. v. Public Service Commission ( 1980 ) , the Court clarified what analysis was required before the government could justify regulating commercial speech : 
 Arkansas participated in the Yorktown Sesquicentennial celebrations in October 1931 , marking the 150th anniversary of the Siege of Yorktown . She embarked President Herbert Hoover and his entourage on 17 October and took them to the exposition , and returned them to Annapolis on 19 – 20 October . She then went into drydock for an extensive refit in the Philadelphia Navy Yard , which lasted until January 1932 . During this time , she was under the command of George <unk> . Arkansas was transferred to the Pacific Fleet after completing the refit ; while en route , she stopped in New Orleans to participate in the Mardi Gras celebration . She operated off the west coast through early 1934 , at which point she was transferred back to the Atlantic Fleet , where she served as the flagship of the Training Squadron . 
 The 1907 panic began with a stock manipulation scheme to corner the market in F. Augustus Heinze 's United Copper Company . Heinze had made a fortune as a copper magnate in Butte , Montana . In 1906 he moved to New York City , where he formed a close relationship with notorious Wall Street banker Charles W. Morse . Morse had once successfully cornered New York City 's ice market , and together with Heinze gained control of many banks — the pair served on at least six national banks , ten state banks , five trust companies and four insurance firms . 
 The 1930s began with a brush with disaster – the side finished bottom of the League in 1931 , but were successful in their bid for re @-@ election . The rest of the decade proved more successful for Norwich , with a club @-@ record victory , 10 – 2 , over Coventry City and promotion to the Second Division as champions in the 1933 – 34 season under the management of Tom Parker . 
 After the new road opened , congestion decreased considerably on nearby north – south arteries . The DuPage County Division of Transportation calculated that congestion had decreased on Illinois 53 by 20 % , and the volume of cars on nearby north – south roads Illinois 53 , Illinois 59 and IL 83 had decreased . On IL 53 between Ogden Avenue and Roosevelt Road , traffic counts sank from 21 @,@ 400 to 11 @,@ 800 vehicles per day . In addition , traffic on the exit ramp from the Tri @-@ State Tollway ( I @-@ 294 ) to I @-@ 55 dropped 10 percent in 12 months . Drivers also reported decreases in travel time from one end of the county to the other of up to 40 minutes . However , the opening of the tollway also greatly increased congestion on I @-@ 290 near the northern terminus . A construction project in the summer months of 1990 widened I @-@ 290 just north of the tollway , at a cost of $ 2 – 2 @.@ 5 million ( equivalent to $ 46 @.@ 7 million – 58 @.@ 3 million in 2015 ) . 
 Variations II to VI are what Girdlestone and Hutchings separately describe as " double " variations . Within each variation , each of the eight @-@ measure phrases from the theme is further varied upon its repeat ( <unk> ) . Variations IV and VI are in major keys . Tovey refers to the former ( in A @-@ flat ) as " cheerful " and the latter ( in C ) as " graceful " . Between the two major @-@ key variations , Variation V returns to C minor ; Girdlestone describes this variation as " one of the most moving " . Variation VII is half the length of the preceding variations , as it omits the repeat of each eight @-@ measure phrase . This variation concludes with an extra three @-@ measure passage that culminates in a dominant chord , announcing the arrival of a cadenza . 
 Garry Moore , a popular personality in the 1950s , wanted to make a comeback on CBS , but Aubrey casually dismissed him : " Not a chance . " ( Moore finally got his chance , long after Aubrey left the network , in the fall of 1966 , with a short @-@ lived revival of his weekly variety series ) . John Frankenheimer , critically acclaimed as the number one director of live TV dramas during the 1950s , was shown the exit door by Aubrey in 1960 . Frankenheimer was forced to find a new career as a movie director ( for which he is now arguably best known ) , although he had wanted to continue in television . In 1996 , during a personal appearance at the Museum of Television & Radio , Frankenheimer described Aubrey as " a barbarian . " 
 Vaulx Carter took on coaching duties for the 1882 team . He was the academy 's first coach ; it was not until a decade later , in 1892 , when Ben Crosby was hired as the school 's next coach . The squad also appointed an official umpire , the only time it would ever do so . Its three staff members were : 
 Beginning with his early years in Gettysburg , Stevens advanced the cause of universal education . At the time , no state outside New England had free public education for all . In Pennsylvania , there was free education in Philadelphia , but elsewhere in the state , those wishing to have their children educated without paying tuition had to swear a pauper 's oath . Stevens opened his extensive private library to the public and gave up his presidency of the borough council , believing his service on the school board more important . In 1825 , he was elected by the voters of Adams County as a trustee of Gettysburg Academy . As the school was failing , Stevens got county voters to agree to pay its debt , allowing it to be sold as a Lutheran seminary . It was granted the right to award college degrees in 1831 as Pennsylvania College , and in 1921 became Gettysburg College . Stevens gave the school land upon which a building could be raised and for many years served as a trustee . 
 Coming to the palace at the center of Nil , they encounter the Emperor himself , who is revealed to be Elgo . Elgo explains to the party that he wished to use the crystals to achieve immortality , and predicted that the crystals , sensing his purpose , would split the world hoping to halt his plans . Elgo then utilized the power of Nil to move between the worlds and ensured that the Warriors collect the crystals in effort to restore the world so that he could achieve his goals . The Warriors and Elgo battle , with Elgo using the power of Nil against them . When he is defeated , Elgo loses control of Nil and it mutates him into a dark monster . The Warriors , seeing that Nil will ravage their world unchecked , fight the transformed Elgo and win . As Nil reverses its flow and life is returned to the world , all the Warriors flee , apart from Dusk and Alba , who are presumed dead . Soon however , they are revealed to be alive , saved by the spirits of Vata and the Mask . The game ends with the Warriors reunited , and the world and its crystal restored . 
 The castle was positioned in one corner of the town , following a similar town plan to that in the town of Conwy , although in Beaumaris no town walls were constructed at first , despite some foundations being laid . Work began in the summer of 1295 , overseen by Master James of St George . James had been appointed the " master of the king 's works in Wales " , reflecting the responsibility he had in their construction and design . From 1295 onwards , Beaumaris became his primary responsibility and more frequently he was given the title " magister <unk> de Bello Marisco " . The work was recorded in considerable detail on the pipe rolls , the continuous records of medieval royal expenditure , and , as a result , the early stages of construction at Beaumaris are relatively well understood for the period . 
 Re : free track listing 
 Six units were leased by CFL between 2000 and 2004 . The Luxembourgian State Railways were in need of new diesel locomotives to overcome the three different electrification systems in use . Because of a three @-@ year waiting time for new locomotives , CFL leased the Di 6 units for freight trains between Esch @-@ sur @-@ Alzette , <unk> and <unk> . In November 2003 , the locomotives were sold to Vossloh and given the designation DE 2700 . Since 2006 , the main <unk> is the Veolia Verkehr @-@ owned Nord @-@ Ostsee @-@ Bahn , which operates passenger trains in Schleswig @-@ Holstein , Germany . Eight locomotives are used to haul six to ten @-@ car passengers trains on the route between Hamburg and Sylt . In 2008 , three locomotives returned to Norway , when Cargolink leased them for their new autorack freight operations . In 2009 , <unk> transferred its ninth unit to HSL Logistik . 
 Lurgan has historically been an industrial town in which the linen industry predominated as a source of employment during the Industrial Revolution , and is said to have employed as many as 18 @,@ 000 handloom weavers at the end of the 19th century , a figure significantly higher than the town 's resident population at the time . That particular branch of the textile industry declined as consumer tastes changed , but other textiles continued to be produced in the town providing a major source of employment until the 1990s and 2000s when the textile industry across the UK suffered a major decline as a result of outsourcing to low wage countries . 
 Bond discovers that he has an ally who is also working undercover at the half @-@ built resort , Felix Leiter , who has been recalled to duty by the CIA and is working ostensibly as an electrical engineer while setting up bugs in Scaramanga 's meeting room . However , they learn that Scaramanga plans to eliminate Bond when the weekend is over . Bond 's true identity is confirmed by a KGB agent and Scaramanga makes new plans to entertain the gangsters and the KGB agent by killing Bond while they are riding a sight @-@ seeing train to a marina . However , Bond manages to turn the tables on Scaramanga and , with the help of Leiter , kill most of the conspirators . Wounded , Scaramanga escapes into the swamps , where Bond pursues him . Scaramanga lulls Bond off @-@ guard and shoots him with a golden derringer hidden in his palm . Bond is hit but returns fire and shoots Scaramanga several times , killing him at last . 
 Isenhour also previously worked as executive director of the Pennsylvania House Democratic Campaign Committee , and started a political consulting firm with former state party chairman T.J. Rooney . In 2010 , PoliticsPA called her " one of the top consultants in the state " , and said , " few can move between the strategy of campaigning and its mechanics with the ease that she does " . 
 The illustration on the right shows the 1 @-@ sphere X as the suspension of the 0 @-@ sphere Y. Noting in general that the k @-@ sphere is the suspension of the ( k − 1 ) <unk> , it is easy to derive the homology groups of the k @-@ sphere by induction , as above . 
 A study in 2014 shows that Dimetrodon was in an arms race against its prey . The smaller species , <unk> had no serrations since it ate small prey . As the prey grew larger , Dimetrodon started developing serrations and increasing in size . <unk> had enamel serrations that help it cut through flesh , and the same serrations can be found on <unk> . The second largest <unk> species , <unk> , has denticle serrations similar to sharks and theropod dinosaurs , making its teeth even more specialized to slice through flesh . This study not only shows the evolution of Dimetrodon over millions of years , but also shows that Dimetrodon was in an arms race against its prey . As prey grew larger , Dimetrodon countered it by growing larger and having sharper teeth . 
 Tropical Storm watches and later warnings were issued for the Windward Islands as far north as Martinique on October 13 . They were dropped over the subsequent two days as Joan passed through . Along the coast of South America , additional warnings were raised and later dropped as Joan paralleled the coast . 
 Peer @-@ to @-@ peer supervision is defined as regular " democratic life meetings " and the duty of standing committees to report their work to the party committee to whom they are responsible . The primary goal of peer @-@ to @-@ peer supervision is to strengthen party members ' subjective responsibility by making them feel collectively responsible for the Party as a whole . This system is supervised by the party committee and the CDI at the next higher level . 
 Elaine Paige OBE ( born Elaine Jill Bickerstaff , 5 March 1948 ) is an English singer and actress best known for her work in musical theatre . Raised in Barnet , Hertfordshire , Paige attended the Aida Foster Theatre School , making her first professional appearance on stage in 1964 , at the age of 16 . Her appearance in the 1968 production of Hair marked her West End debut . 
 On June 24 , 2011 , a prerecorded message by Kelly from the ISS , wished his wife love using song lyrics from David Bowie 's ' Space Oddity ' and introduced U2 's song " Beautiful Day " on the first night of the Glastonbury festival in England . A similar message from Kelly aboard the ISS was played during U2 's 360 ° Tour concert stop at various locations . He says : " I 'm looking forward to coming home . Tell my wife I love her very much , she knows . " 
 Allah jang Palsoe also contains themes unrelated to money . The sinologist Thomas Rieger notes the presence of a Chinese national identity , pointing to Gie as a young man " excelling in all Confucianist values " , leaving his comfortable job rather than becoming an apologist for the Dutch colonial government to the detriment of his ethnic Chinese peers . Another sinologist , Myra Sidharta , looks at Kwee Tek Hoay 's view of women . She writes that his depiction of an ideal woman was not yet fully developed in Allah jang Palsoe , though she finds Houw Nio to be a depiction of how a woman should not act : selfish and addicted to gambling . 
 Fairley , T.C. ( 1959 ) . Sverdrup 's Arctic Adventures . London : Longmans . OCLC <unk> . 
 Cheddar has a number of active service clubs including Cheddar Vale Lions Club , Mendip Rotary and Mendip Inner Wheel Club . The clubs raise money for projects in the local community and hold annual events such as a fireworks display , duck races in the Gorge , a dragon boat race on the reservoir and concerts on the grounds of the nearby St Michael 's Cheshire Home . 
 Metamorphosis in insects is the biological process of development all insects must undergo . There are two forms of metamorphosis : incomplete metamorphosis and complete metamorphosis . 
 2 × R550 Magic air @-@ to @-@ air missiles on underwing pylons 
 IGN , in giving the album 8 @.@ 9 out of 10 , said " the playing overall seems tighter and more cohesive " and that the album is a " grandiose project , one teeming with jubilant enthusiasm and reverent abundance . " Other publications agreed , but felt such was a negative . Rolling Stone reviewer David Fricke wrote that he was surprised such a large band could " sound so distant here so often , " saying that " the result is a huge sound that only sparkles on the edges , leaving Butler alone in the middle . " However , Rolling Stone also named it the fourth best album of the year . Uncut 's three @-@ star review of the album said that " at its overblown worst Neon Bible is one of those records that takes itself too seriously to be taken seriously . " 
 The Year Zero story takes place in the United States in the year 2022 ; or " Year 0 " according to the American government , being the year that America was reborn . The United States has suffered several major terrorist attacks , and in response the government has seized absolute control on the country and reverted to a Christian fundamentalist theocracy . The government maintains control of the populace through institutions such as the Bureau of Morality and the First Evangelical Church of Plano , as well as increased surveillance and the secret drugging of tap water with a mild sedative . In response to the increasing oppression of the government , several corporate , government , and subversive websites were transported back in time to the present by a group of scientists working clandestinely against the authoritarian government . The websites @-@ from @-@ the @-@ future were sent to the year 2007 to warn the American people of the impending dystopian future and to prevent it from ever forming in the first place . 
 The highways and railroads serve a population that increased most dramatically in the second half of the 20th century . When Beaverton was incorporated as a city in 1893 , it had a population of 400 . By 2010 , the number had soared to 94 @,@ 000 , although not all of them lived in the watershed . Tigard , which did not exist as a city until 1961 , grew to 49 @,@ 000 by the year 2013 , all in the watershed . The estimated population of the entire watershed reached 123 @,@ 000 just before the 2000 census . Fanno Creek , which had few people living near it until 1850 , " is surrounded by the most populous region in Oregon " . 
 An accompanying music video for " We Can 't Stop " was directed by Diane Martel , and was premiered through Vevo on June 19 , 2013 . The clip depicts an ongoing house party , where guests are engaging in numerous bizarre actions . Among the activities taking place are the creation of a mountain made of white bread , the kicking of a skull made of french fries , and the simulated slicing of a woman 's fingers . Product placement is also commonplace as Cyrus amplifies her Beats Pill speaker and applies her EOS lip balm . A director 's cut of the music video was released on July 29 , which Carl Williott of Idolator noted featured " more simulated sex , one oral sex gesture near the end and actually less Miley tongue overall . " 
 The apartment in which Rona and her mother were living was seized when the communists invaded Hungary in 1919 . Owing to political instability and the persecution of those with communist sympathies during the countering White Terror , an increasing amount of work at the Institute fell to Rona . When offered a position in 1921 to return to Dahlem and the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute , by Otto Hahn , Rona resigned . She joined Hahn 's staff in Berlin to separate ionium ( now known as Th @-@ 230 ) from uranium . Hyperinflation in the Weimar Republic forced her transfer to the Textile Fiber Institute of Kaiser Wilhelm , as practical research was the only work permitted at the time . Theoretical research with no essential application was not a priority . Her training allowed her to return to a more stable Hungary and accept a position in a textile factory there in 1923 . She did not care for the work and soon left , joining the staff of the Institute for Radium Research of Vienna in 1924 at the request of Stefan Meyer . Her research there focused on measuring the absorption and range of hydrogen rays , as well as on developing polonium as an alternative radioactive material to radium . 
 The pulvinic acid derivatives <unk> acid , variegatic acid , and xerocomic acid are present in B. calopus mushrooms . These compounds inhibit cytochrome P450 — major enzymes involved in drug metabolism and <unk> . Other compounds found in the fruit bodies include calopin B , and the sesquiterpenoid compounds <unk> and <unk> A and B. The latter two highly oxygenated compounds have significant free @-@ radical scavenging activity in vitro . The compounds 3 @-@ <unk> ( 47 @.@ 0 % of total volatile compounds ) , 3 @-@ octanol ( 27 @.@ 0 % ) , 1 @-@ octen @-@ 3 @-@ ol ( 15 @.@ 0 % ) , and limonene ( 3 @.@ 6 % ) are the predominant volatile components that give the fruit body its odour . 
 " He Could Be the One " peaked at number sixty @-@ four on the Australian Singles Chart , becoming Cyrus ' best @-@ charting effort as Hannah Montana in Australia . On the week ending January 5 , 2010 , " He Could Be the One " debuted and peaked at number thirteen on the Norwegian Singles Chart , becoming Cyrus ' first entry as Montana in the country . It fell from the Norwegian Singles Chart in the following week . 
 Maria Encarnacion Ortega Pardo 
 Howard , feeling insulted , refuses to introduce Sheldon to Hawking even after Sheldon pleads . The next day , Howard talks about his work with Hawking to frustrate Sheldon . After Sheldon begs , Howard agrees to give Sheldon 's paper on the Higgs boson to Hawking on the condition that Sheldon performs several tasks for him . 
 The producers were aware that they would be casting young actors with little experience in film and television . Hundreds were seen for the part of Merlin , with the part going to 22 @-@ year @-@ old Colin Morgan , whom Murphy and Capps felt possessed a broad acting range with good comedic timing and wonder , and who they felt would most importantly be likable to the audience . Bradley James was cast as Prince Arthur , whom the producers saw as a " medieval Prince Harry " . They felt that James ' sense of comedy balanced the fact that the character was intended to first appear acting like an " idiot " . Murphy and Capps had previously worked with James on a pilot , and kept him in the " back of [ their ] minds " when casting Arthur . Katie McGrath and Angel Coulby , who play Morgana and Gwen respectively , also had little previous professional acting experience . Despite this , it was noted that all four young actors took to their jobs maturely and with energy . 
 The current church building , with its prominent spire , dates from 1850 , and was designed by John Johnson . It is located on Market Place and replaced an earlier church of 1410 . It has several monuments to the Hervey and Cooke families . 
 Southern Cross returned to England in June 1900 , to a cool welcome . In geographical circles there was still resentment at Borchgrevink 's coup in obtaining the backing of Newnes , but public attention was , in any event , distracted by the preparations for the upcoming Discovery Expedition , due to sail the following year . Borchgrevink meanwhile pronounced his voyage a great success , stating : " The Antarctic regions might be another <unk> " — in terms of the prospects for fishing , sealing , and mineral extraction . He had proved that it was possible for a resident expedition to survive an Antarctic winter , and had made a series of geographical discoveries . These included new islands in Robertson 's Bay and the Ross Sea , and the first landings on Franklin Island , Coulman Island , Ross Island and the Great Ice Barrier . The survey of the Victoria Land coast had revealed the " important geographical discovery ... of the Southern Cross Fjord , as well as the excellent camping place at the foot of Mount Melbourne " . The most significant exploration achievement , Borchgrevink thought , was the scaling of the Great Ice Barrier and the journey to " the furthest south ever reached by man " . 
 All humans have two copies of the Huntingtin gene ( HTT ) , which codes for the protein Huntingtin ( HTT ) . The gene is also called HD and <unk> , which stands for ' interesting transcript 15 ' . Part of this gene is a repeated section called a trinucleotide repeat , which varies in length between individuals and may change length between generations . If the repeat is present in a healthy gene , a dynamic mutation may increase the repeat count and result in a defective gene . When the length of this repeated section reaches a certain threshold , it produces an altered form of the protein , called mutant Huntingtin protein ( mHTT ) . The differing functions of these proteins are the cause of pathological changes which in turn cause the disease symptoms . The Huntington 's disease mutation is genetically dominant and almost fully penetrant : mutation of either of a person 's HTT alleles causes the disease . It is not inherited according to sex , but the length of the repeated section of the gene and hence its severity can be influenced by the sex of the affected parent . 
 Debbi Peterson explained in an interview with MTV UK in 1989 about why Prince gave them the song : " [ Prince ] really liked our first album . He liked the song ' Hero Takes a Fall ' , which is a great compliment , because we liked his music . He contacted us , and said , ' I 've got a couple of songs for you . I 'd like to know if you 're interested , ' and of course we were . One of the songs Prince brought to the group was ' Manic Monday ' , written under the pseudonym of Christopher . " Peterson talked about the evolution of what Prince brought them : " It was a <unk> of a Prince arrangement . He had a demo , that was very specifically him . It was a good song , but we didn 't record it like ' This is our first hit single ! Oh my God ! I can feel it in my veins ! ' We just did the song , and the album , and then sat back and thought about it . " 
 Shirley was initially received with indifference by Massachusetts Governor Jonathan Belcher , who refused him patronage positions that became available . In 1733 Shirley sought to secure from David Dunbar the commission as the crown surveyor general , but Dunbar eventually decided to retain the office . Influence from Newcastle eventually yielded Shirley a position as advocate general in the admiralty court . Belcher resisted further entreaties from Newcastle to promote Shirley , and Shirley began using his position to actively prosecute Belcher supporters whose illegal logging activities came under his jurisdiction . 
 While Degesch owned the rights to the brand name Zyklon and the patent on the packaging system , the chemical formula was owned by Degussa . <unk> GmbH , which was 52 per cent owned by Degussa , owned the rights to a process to extract hydrogen cyanide from waste products of sugar beet processing . This process was performed under license by two companies , Dessauer Werke and <unk> Kolin , who also combined the resulting hydrogen cyanide with stabilizer from IG Farben and a cautionary agent from Schering AG to form the final product , which was packaged using equipment , labels , and canisters provided by Degesch . The finished goods were sent to Degesch , who forwarded the product to two companies that acted as distributors : Heerdt @-@ Linger GmbH ( Heli ) of Frankfurt and Tesch & Stabenow ( Testa ) of Hamburg . Their territory was split along the Elbe river , with Heli handling clients to the west and south , and Testa those to the east . Degesch owned 51 per cent of the shares of Heli , and until 1942 owned 55 per cent of Testa . 
 Goals against 
 The entire route is in <unk> County . 
 " Lisa 's Substitute " is the nineteenth episode of The Simpsons ' second season . It originally aired on Fox in the United States on April 25 , 1991 . In the episode , Lisa 's teacher Miss Hoover takes medical leave due to what she thinks is Lyme disease , so substitute teacher Mr. Bergstrom takes over the class . Lisa finds Mr. Bergstrom 's teaching methods inspiring and discovers an entirely new love for learning . When Miss Hoover returns to class , Lisa is devastated to lose her most positive adult role model . Eventually , she realizes that while Mr. Bergstrom was one of a kind , she can find role models in other people , including her father Homer . Meanwhile , Bart runs for class president against Martin . 
 At the Twentieth Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in February 1956 Khrushchev issued , in addition to his main report , his " Secret Speech " denouncing Stalin . Hoxha later remarked of the Congress that , in addition to its attack on Stalin , " All the distortions of the major issues of principle , such as those about the character of our epoch , the roads of transition to socialism , peaceful coexistence , war and peace , the stand towards modern revisionism and towards imperialism , etc . , etc . , which later became the basis of the great , open polemic with modern revisionism , have their official beginning in Khrushchev 's report to the 20th Congress ... we saw how the Khrushchevites , in order to consolidate their power , operated allegedly with ' a great party spirit ' , ' free from the fear of Stalin ' ... Every good thing of the past was distorted , allegedly in light of the ' new situations ' , ' new developments ' , ' new roads and possibilities ' , in order to go ahead . " 
 In 1908 , the New York State Legislature created Route 18 , an unsigned legislative route that ran from the Pennsylvania state line at Ripley to the mouth of the Niagara River north of Youngstown with a gap through the city of Buffalo . North of Buffalo , Route 18 followed Niagara Falls Boulevard ( modern NY <unk> and U.S. Route 62 or US 62 ) to Niagara Falls and current NY 104 and NY 18F between Niagara Falls and Lake Ontario . When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924 , the portion of legislative Route 18 north of Buffalo became the basis for NY 34 , which began at Main Street ( NY 5 ) in Buffalo and followed the path of legislative Route 18 through Niagara Falls and along the Niagara River to Lake Ontario . NY 18 was assigned at the same time ; however , it initially went from the Pennsylvania state line at Limestone north to Buffalo along what is now US 219 , NY 417 , NY 353 and US 62 . In Cattaraugus County , NY 18 initially followed Leon and New Albion Roads between Cattaraugus and Little Valley . 
 While cell phone and digital camera manufacturers have been trying to compete against each other by intensifying the picture pixel quality and zooming ability of their camera functions , and while music players are making its improvements mainly by making smaller exterior design and by increasing memory storage capacity , DSi is trying to propose a different path of evolution by providing the users with the opportunity to be able to touch and play with photographs and sounds . 
 Aubrey became an independent producer after leaving MGM , producing ten films , none memorable . His greatest success was a 1979 television movie about the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders starring Jane Seymour – " broads , bosoms , and fun " once more . In the mid @-@ 1980s , he was chairman of <unk> , a production company which made low @-@ budget films and was backed by several wealthy Texans – including former Governor John Connally . " Our theory is that with today 's ancillary rights , there is real profit in a movie that costs $ 3 million . We don 't need to gross $ 40 million , or open on Christmas Day , " he said . To publicize this venture , he granted a rare interview to the Los Angeles Times in 1986 . Reporter Paul Rosenfield found him unrepentant : 
 The bid relied on Chicago 's strength in medical services and doping control , security , accommodations , transportation , technology and media operations . The city 's transportation infrastructure includes the Chicago Transit Authority , which operates a vast network of buses and elevated / subway ' L ' trains , and the Metra and South Shore Line commuter rail services that connects more than 230 suburban destinations to Chicago . These transportation options would have allowed public transit access to the Games for city residents and people throughout northeastern Illinois into northern Indiana and southern Wisconsin . 
